Why does cooking oil pop?
Why is it important to not overcook rice?
Why is Stonyfield Farm yogurt so viscous?
Why does sour cream curdle when hot?
Why dont lime have seeds?
Why should you not eat the white part of a pomegranate?
Why does salt turn blue when lemon juice is added?
Why can you smell hot food better than cold food?
Why does a cheese contain sodium chloride?
Why is salad fork smaller than dinner fork?
Why is baked boneless skinless chicken breast so dry?
Why does caviar cost so much?
Why do people buy coffee?
Why do Muslims do not do halal with fish?
Why was nature valley cereal discontinued?
Why are cooked bones brittle?
Why do I eat when I am tired and not necessarily hungry?
Why does a round pizza com in a box?
Why do you need to beat the eggs?
Why does corn turn red when boiled?
Why are pistachios so expensive?
Why should you not boil an empty kettle?
Why do some cereals absorb milk more quickly?
Why do french people eat frogs legs?
Why do you get celery with chicken wings?
Why is the hotel reception so important?
Why cant you make purple brownies?
Why do pickles have bumps?
Why do some people hate pizza?
Why do you use cheesecloth on turkey?
Why should you put a lid on a pan if its bolling water?
Why are Mini Cheddars So Addictive?
Why is food safety important?
Why should stock not be boiled?
Why is it important to have variety in your dishes?
Why should portion the dough?
Why do long distance runners eat starchy foods?
Why is pizza important in Italy?
Why does food color effect peoples preferences?
Why does ice cream contain egg yolks?
Why is provolone cheese round?
Why does Kellogg not use the zip type liners?
Why do Americans traditionally eat cabbage black eye peas and hog jowl on January 1?
Why is yogurt so gross?
Why do they say that veal is prepared harshly?
Why are hot dogs called hot dogs if they are not made of dog meat?
Why do you decorate food?
Why does a persimmon have that weird taste?
Why are some hot dogs bright pink?
Why are theme restaurant is so important?
Why is different cooking methods important?
Why do people cook a whole roasted pig with an apple in its mouth?
Why are blobfish inedible?
Why is skilled workers necessary?
Why do coconuts have milk in them?
Why is steak an unhealthy food?
Why is the yeast added to bread dough covered with clolth and set aside for a few hours before baking?
Why is main dish important?
Why are Granny Smith apples sour?
Why does the yolk turn pink when cooking?
Why is a cheese plant called a cheese plant?
Why is flour used as a thickening sauce in a white sauce?
Why do your sticky buns seem done but are doughy in the middle?
Why do chapati swell up?
Why does egg white stiffen when whisked?
Why does chocolate milk not need to be refrigerated?
Why does food not taste good when you have the flu?
Why are eggs sold in dozen?
Why is water important in baking?
Why is yogurt thicker than milk?
Why is squash good for you?
Why is applesauce yellow?
Why is red cabbage called red cabbage?
Why does round pizza come in a square box?
Why is it necessary for us to eat food?
Why do muffins stick to muffin cups?
Why is white chicken meat more expensive than dark chicken meat?
Why is cow meat called beef but chicken meat is called chicken?
Why is the turkey broth sour and how do you get rid of the sourness?
Why do you need food?
Why are some foods soaked before cooking?
Why do Twizzlers have holes in the middle?
Why are watermelons sweetest in the middle?
Why does your nose run when you eat hot food?
Why does the cream content of milk vary?
Why does the color of red purple cabbage extract change its color when cooled?
Why do my tomatoes have brown spots on the bottom even before they ripen The whole bottom rottens out?
Why are fats very important in pastry production?
Why is caster sugar better to make muffins than granulated sugar?
Why does surgical removal of a part of the stomach decrease appetite?
Why is carrot soups called potage Crecy?
Why is so much salt put into foods?
Why was the donut invented?
Why are crisps so bad for you?
Why does milk not boil like water when heated?
Why is SP snuff called SP?
Why do they make plain donuts if they only taste like air?
Why is raw tuna red if canned tuna is white?
Why do you boil meat?
Why do cookies crumble?
Why do no bake cookies get hard?
Why am I craving sunflower seeds?
Why does eating a medium rare steak not pose the same risks as eating a raw hamburger?
Why do you eat pancake?
Why does a frozen roast change colors while cooking in the crock pot?
Why has the strength changed on the bottles of barley wine?
Why is lactose added to food?
Why does dry aged steak taste better?
Why is string cheese stringy?
Why are apples red?
Why does a sandwich get soggy?
Why does bread turn moldy and what is that mold?
Why do you add food colouring?
Why do beans and cabbage cause more gas than other foods?
Why are clams stored in cornmeal?
Why does our water taste salty?
Why does tomato sauce stick to pasta?
Why is food edible?
Why does milk taste bad while eating cranberry sauce?
Why do people like certain kinds of food and dislike other kinds?
Why is the amount of starch in food important?
Why are the seeds in a red tomato green?
Why is movie theater popcorn so expensive?
Why are some cheeses matured for years but then must be used within a few weeks once you buy them?
Why do some potatoes have more eyes than others?
Why did your peanut brittle turn brown?
Why are tacos so delicious?
Why is soup a good snack on a cold day?
Why are the tomatoes in Naples Italy better than in the US?
Why is there food wastage in the home?
Why is butter useful in baking?
Why does it take a long time to boil an egg on mountains?
Why do tomatoes split before ripening?
Why is lactose sweet?
Why is cheese pink?
Why does cheese fly high?
Why are they called TUC biscuits?
Why do you boil a sugar syrup to make sorbet?
Why is Arctic Char becoming so popular?
Why is some ketchup called fancy?
Why does turkey put you to sleep?
Why is silicon dioxide used in taco spice?
Why do you need to cook food?
Why do Sugar Puffs have a weird smell?
Why do some people choose to be vegetarians?
Why was the ice cream crank invented?
Why has the use of convenience foods become so popular?
Why are chicken legs called drumsticks?
Why are chocolates wrapped in silver paper?
Why is grilling healthier then frying or baking?
Why does peppermint candy always have a blue color?
Why are tomatoes red?
Why were Eggo apple and cinnamon waffles discontinued?
Why do pineapples make your tongue hurt?
Why is vanilla ice cream white?
Why do the apples shrink in your pie and end up with hollow pie crust?
Why is drinking a glass of wine a day good for you?
Why did the flan I made come out liquidy in the middle but cooked everywhere else?
Why are marshmallows white?
Why do muffins have to be eaten the same day they are made?
Why is cornmeal used on the bottom of Pizza?
Why do you need salt in cookies?
Why are waffles more expensive than pancakes?
Why are oranges a successful crop?
Why do Greeks eat there food?
Why are Sandwiches important?
Why should human beings eat?
Why is cheese so delicious?
Why do my home made pizzelles taste weird?
Why is WinCo Foods so secretive about their contact information?
Why do some hot dogs have cheese in them?
Why do addicts ingest so much sugar?
Why does pork get contaminated?
Why is kale so tough?
Why should you remove the seeds from a red or green bell pepper before cooking it?
Why is the tomato red?
Why are raw egg whites sometimes cloudy looking?
Why is it called a gravy boat?
Why are vegetables soaked in cold water?
Why do vegetables stay fresh longer when they are sprayed with water?
Why do you have to bind the legs of a turkey while it cooks?
Why is it imposible to eat cinnamon?
Why are some cookies round?
Why is your peanut brittle chewy?
Why do spices burn your tounges?
Why was ketchup invented?
Why do people crave lemons or limes?
Why does food grow mold?
Why is it taco johns?
Why does bubble gum stick?
Why do cakes fall from noise?
Why should custard be eaten within 3 days of opening?
Why does someone always call during dinner?
Why does lettuce give indigestion?
Why does butter have a high melting point?
Why does the beef smell like cheese when it is cooking?
Why does a hotdog bag bring 10 hot dogs while the hotdog buns bag brings 8?
Why do all salt water fish taste different but eat pretty much the same things?
Why should salt be added at end of the cooking process?
Why is it called a hamburger when there is no ham in it?
Why does an apple turn brown when you put sugar on it?
Why does your computer not turn on when you eat toast?
Why should you clear cookies?
Why do they always ask if you want your milk in a bag?
Why can 14 year olds work at their age?
Why do lettuce leaves become limp?
Why is gum bad for you?
Why does food somtimes come out with food in it?
Why has the pasta and noodle dishes become popular is Australia?
Why cant poultry be cooked into rare or medium doneness as compared to beef?
Why does grated cheese taste better?
Why should you eat healthy food?
Why does salt water boil faster than freshwater?
Why should boys cook?
Why cant you just heat fudge really hot and mix really fast to cook it faster?
Why is food perserved?
Why does food go off?
Why do the people in Denmark eat the foods that they do?
Why is wine stored horizontal?
Why is it deviant if someone licks the ground?
Why is chicken broth sold by net weight instead of fluid ounces?
Why do you think you would like to work for us?
Why do bags of chips crackers and cereal only fill half the bag?
Why are pistachios dyed red?
Why do people like bubblegum?
Why is there bumps on the bottom of beer bottles?
Why is it important to wash your hands and when you need to do it?
Why does your jalapeno pepper smell like a bell pepper?
Why do you have green mussels?
Why do people roast turkeys in a brown paper bag?
Why is quality control important?
Why does fruit ripen more quickly when you put it in a paper bag?
Why does chicken eggs have a red spot in them?
Why do apples bruise when dropped?
Why do you put lemon juice in a cheese cake?
Why do Germans eat cake?
Why does every toaster in the world have a setting that burns the toast to a horrible crisp that no decent human being would dare to nibble on?
Why is dinner important?
Why is fried noodles considered as a one dish meal?
Why did cat cora leave iron chef?
Why is roux a sauce used for thickening?
Why is organic milk good?
Why are food labels used?
Why is Chinese cooking considered to be healthy cooking?
Why is a hot oven used when baking pastries?
Why is there cheese on cheeseburgers?
Why do all walkers crisps sell by dates all end on a Saturday?
Why do advertisement say that margarine taste like butter?
Why does mums cooking always taste the best?
Why are tomatoes considered vegtables?
Why is a cheese cake called a cheese cake?
Why is cabbage good for the body?
Why do your Jamaican fruit cakes come out like a puddingpone texture?
Why should you coat meat with flour before frying?
Why do lobsters turn red when boiled?
Why do you want to be a firefighgter?
Why dont you just go out of your way and try it?
Why should you garnish food?
Why are eggs in mayonnaise?
Why do people punch hard?
Why is a hamburger called hamburger?
Why is Cindy fat?
Why did the kellogg brother investigate breakfast food?
Why are donuts fried in vegetable oil?
Why do we need turkey farms?
Why does turning milk into yogurt preserve it?
Why do slice breads are not round in size?
Why is cheesecake called cheese cake when it better fits the description of a pie?
Why does everything you eat taste like mold?
Why are apples red in color?
Why do boiled eggs smell bad?
Why was spinich invented?
Why are baked beans good for you?
Why did Sylvester Graham invent the Graham Cracker?
Why is pork called pork?
Why do you sift flour?
Why is soda dark?
Why do apples make you burp?
Why is the 5Th avenue candy bar named 5Th avnenue?
Why was the baby cookie sad?
Why does teflon stick to the pan but nothing sticks to teflon?
Why do they call it a hamburger if its made of beef?
Why do bubble gum make such big bubbles?
Why was Tom Joyner fired in Chicago?
Why is veggie mite illegal?
Why does a hard boiled egg spin?
Why are grape nuts called grape when they have no grapes?
Why do people eat for no reason?
Why do you eat pie?
Why are egg prices for farmers lower in the summer?
Why should you not eat processed food?
Why do people work for meals on wheels?
Why should you wash vegetables before cooking?
Why would it?
Why are salads healthy for you?
Why was the leaf dropped in alcohol?
Why is stainless steel used in cooking pots?
Why are doughnuts strawberry flavoured?
Why are lemons waxed?
Why is it called bierock?
Why is there a pie called shepherds pie?
Why do hotdogs come in packs of 10 and buns in packs of 8?
Why are Boston baked beans candy called this?
Why does turkey smell?
Why is marmalade not called orange jam?
Why are chips brown?
Why is cheese so popular in France?
Why do we use aluminum foil for cooking food?
Why is fish such a popular source of food in Japan?
Why do Americans eat orange cheese?
Why do people taste food differently?
Why is The heating element in a kettle is at the bottom explain why this is best place?
Why does hard candy dissolve?
Why does food go rotten?
Why do people drink wine and eat cheese?
Why are tax invoices necessary?
Why do they call it a pancake if its not a cake?
Why are all your tomatoes only green?
Why does sugar cure of hiccups?
Why were they called maroons?
Why does a chef wear a white hat?
Why did the French peasants start the French revolution?
Why is flour sifted?
Why is food important for your body?
Why is there a circle dent in the side of plastic gallon milk jugs?
Why is the hamburger called the hamburger?
Why is clove studded onion used to prepare Bechamel sauce?
Why do people say beans beans the magical fruit when beans are vegetables?
Why is salad good for you?
Why do you not like food that you use to like?
Why will a celery stalk put in saltwater begin to wilt?
Why is it called a dozen off eggs?
Why are chemical preservatives now added to foods?
Why do you need to eat healthy foods?
Why do you cough after eating cold foods such as ice cream?
Why do margarine turns black when is cooked?
Why is orange juice good for you?
Why should the inside of the egg be washed out?
Why do they serve a round pizza in a square box?
Why do you eat peanut butter with jelly?
Why should we not eat junk food?
Why do pears have little green spots?
Why should people eat meat?
Why do we eat sugary foods?
Why do you wear blue plasters while cooking?
Why is food wastage dangerous?
Why did they used to think tomatoes were poisonous?
Why is the pudding called spotted dick?
Why do some bars have peanut shells on the floor?
Why are some pasta green?
Why are vegetables said to be good for you?
Why are flapjacks called flapjacks?
Why was the waffle iron invented?
Why do they call almond bark almond bark?
Why is split pea soup called split pea soup?
Why is using a dinner napkin as a handkerchief such a huge gaucherie?
Why are transfer payment not included in GDP?
Why are pizza boxes square and pizzas within round?
Why are hash browns called hash browns?
Why are artificial colorings and flavorings so bad for you?
Why do most children love to eat hotdog?
Why are you asking me?
Why are sugary foods considered unhealthy foods?
Why did they call it hamburger?
Why is cooking slower at hill stations?
Why should you import from the developing world?
Why are wood resins in lemonade?
Why is pesticide not considered an added ingredient?
Why do you eat savory food first followed by sweet?
Why are some fats solid and some fats liquid?
Why is there always food but cant find anything to eat?
Why is milk supposed to go on cereal?
Why do people throw pears?
Why is it that fish are easy to cook than meat and meat product?
Why is human food dangerous for animals?
Why do people eat bentonite?
Why does cereal have more nutrition facts than everything else?
Why do people like to know how much energy is in there food?
Why did lil red ridin hood go into the forest?
Why is snack called snack?
Why do you wrap food peelings in kitchen towel?
Why was bread pudding called poor man pudding?
Why do people eat roast dinners on Sundays?
Why do people need water more than food?
Why is too much MSG bad for you?
Why is it good to eat food?
Why does mutton have a bad taste?
Why is tasty cheese called tasty cheese?
Why is it impossible to swallow cinnamon?
Why is glazing better than frosting on cakes?
Why do you have roast chicken on a Sunday?
Why do crispy foods like cookies or fish and prawn crackers become soft when left in the open?
Why is a dull knife a dangerous knife?
Why do you add pasta to boiling water?
Why is buying local healthier?
Why do bagels have holes in the middle?
Why are hot dogs called hot dogs?
Why do dishwashing liquids contain more real lemons than most lemonades and similar drinks?
Why do people eat junk food?
Why does cream get separated from milk when it is churned?
Why do bananas get bruised as they age?
Why is the inside of many food wrappers and bags shiny silver in color?
Why do the juice from scuppernongs make your lips itch?
Why does milk curdle when it goes bad?
Why are tacos delicious?
Why are pickles green?
Why does turkey make you tired?
Why does bubble gum lose taste?
Why is a tomato red?
Why do women need iron?
Why are pistachio nuts green?
Why should you be chosen for this position?
Why does a fried egg turn black in an aluminum pan?
Why do cucumbers make you burp?
Why did the British do better than the French in the French Revolution?
Why do people love candy so much?
Why do some people not like tomatoes?
Why does popcorn pop more when frozen?
Why do you like chicken?
Why do you call hot dog?
Why is sugar added to the jam?
Why is a lazy susan called a lazy susan?
Why can you smell cooking?
Why does the arrow in a food chain point towards the animal that eats the food?
Why do we eat food that is bad for us instead of eating food that is good for us?
Why are new potatoes not suitable for deep fat frying?
Why is taro toxic when raw?
Why do kids like frosted flakes?
Why is coloring added before coagulation?
Why are cornflakes called cornflakes if they are made of maize?
Why are berries expensive?
Why is the price of food going up?
Why does an athlete need to eat more protein?
Why should you poke holes in the skin of a potato before it is baked?
Why can snakes eat animals biggers than themselves?
Why are Wendy burgers squared?
Why do fries have to have salt?
Why is summer important?
Why do you want to work for McDonald?
Why do kids like cinnamon toast crunch?
Why is smoking unhealthy?
Why are pretzels brown?
Why is fair trade needed?
Why is truffle so expensive?
Why do artificial sweeteners taste sweet?
Why are the substitutes ingredients used?
Why is sugar important in baking?
Why were the French citizens upset with the French monarchy?
Why were the French citizens upset with the French monarchy?
Why is table setting important?
Why do watermelons have both black and white seeds?
Why are Bananas covered with Blue bags while growing?
Why are nachos so delicious?
Why cant you eat tarpon?
Why is alum used in dill pickles?
Why do you call butter fruit?
Why is it important to eat healthy foods?
Why do green grapes and red grapes have a different shape?
Why do Mexicans eat tacos and burritos?
Why do you call it a monkey dish?
Why does a ceramic disk keep water from boiling over?
Why does food expires?
Why is beer always served in glass bottles and not in plastic ones?
Why do mustard greens turn yellow?
Why should pasta be cooked in water?
Why does the color of food affect whether you like it or not?
Why do some pans have copper bottoms?
Why does a cooking pan have a copper bottom?
Why is escargot famous?
Why do you sell the shark cartilage without directions for consumption?
Why do sauasges and bacon taste different?
Why does salted popcorn dry your lips?
Why do we play golf?
Why is spoiled food a chemical change?
Why does foam come out of a soda bottle when you shake the bottle?
Why do dry beans stay hard after soaking and cooking?
Why is it difficult to clean greasy food on clothes with water?
Why is flour and salt sifted together?
Why is Flan so popular in Latin America?
Why do crisp crackers that sit out all day in a humid environment get soggy?
Why do you put flour in biscuits?
Why is Ryan funny?
Why do pickles taste good?
Why is it important to eat legumes in combination with grains?
Why do you need to put eggs and love in a cake?
Why does noodle mix turn green?
Why is donut round?
Why are white loaves popular with the consumer?
Why is pork delicious?
Why do you use fat in a cake?
Why do Italins eat manily pasta?
Why is a compound butter sauce served with grilled fish?
Why does food make you tired?
Why do green olives have pimentos?
Why do oranges have such a strong smell?
Why are your pork chops tough?
Why is it important to add sodium chloride to water when making homemade ice cream?
Why do people from Israel not eat pizza?
Why do runners eat starch?
Why is Nigeria poor?
Why do people use solar cookers?
Why is spinach important?
Why do you need milk in scrambled eggs?
Why do you pickle vegetables?
Why do they call them hot dogs?
Why is there blood in the chicken wings and drumsticks when you are frying them?
Why does it take many hours to make maple syup?
Why is it not advisable to take a bath just afetr having a meal?
Why is saccharin used?
Why are there blood spots in some eggs?
Why is soft flour is recommended for cake making?
Why do milk appear white?
Why is there no expiration date on jiffy corn muffin mix?
Why do apples turn black?
Why is dessert served at the end of the meal?
Why does the egg shell get soft when put in vinegar?
Why is it important to have fruits?
Why is is strawberry a fruit?
Why does vinegar take off an egg shell?
Why are the temperatures of a large pot of boiling water and a small pot of boiling water the same?
Why is wheat bread healthy?
Why is burnt toast unhealthy for you?
Why is there Saturated fat in foods?
Why is the bread and cereal group important?
Why are potatoes good?
Why does coke explode in the freezer?
Why should students have a longer lunch period?
Why are cucumber a vegetable?
Why is cold food a trend during summer?
Why is Dijon famous for mustard?
Why are some eggs brown and some are white?
Why has your bottle of balsamic vinegar become a solid gelatinous mass?
Why does an unpeeled orange float but a peeled one sinks?
Why does cheese taste so good to some people?
Why does some food need to be cooked?
Why do lemons float and limes sink?
Why would vinegar dissolve the egg shell?
Why do most people live in israel?
Why do bananas go brown in the fridge?
Why are Poptarts called Poptarts?
Why does cornstarch and water turn into goo?
Why does a marshmallow expand in a microwave?
Why are the two most popular food popular?
Why are fruits and important?
Why do Americans use entree for main dish when it means starter or appetizer in French?
Why dough is kneaded?
Why do people spread out the carrot cake that has just been fried to cool it?
Why does yeast need to respire?
Why does fish take less time to cook than meat?
Why are pancakes called pancakes?
Why do crystals form after you heat syrup but not in unheated syrup?
Why are hard cheeses lower in lactose than soft cheeses?
Why does balsamic vinegar kill plants?
Why do you soak dried beans before cooking?
Why is America famous from the fruit apples?
Why do you add milk to mashed potatoes?
Why are fruits juicy and tasty?
Why do people like chips?
Why is pepperoni red?
Why does mint taste cold?
Why do you have to eat meat?
Why is this a stupid question?
Why should greens be torn instead of cut with a knife?
Why is the fruit always at the bottom of yogurt tub?
Why is a brown egg brown?
Why is glass such an ideal container for food and drink?
Why is pasta more popular?
Why does butter separate when making caramel sauce?
Why would people eat frogs?
Why do Chinese people eat certain meats?
Why do you soak eggplant before cooking?
Why are scotch eggs called scotch eggs?
Why is climate an important factor in the desert?
Why do you like food?
Why is pizza pizza important?
Why are bagels called bagels?
Why do people crave flour?
Why does pecan pie stick to pie pan?
Why do you let pizza dough rest?
Why are pizza pockets so delicious?
Why are most popeyes chicken restaurant closing their stores after 25 years in the Chicago area i know of 4 that have closed in 30 days?
Why is it dangerous to have too much sodium in the body?
Why is red meat better than chicken?
Why does people eat many cheeses?
Why does baking powder make cake mix rise?
Why does an egg change color when it is cooked?
Why do you need to cook?
Why do you need parmesan cheese?
Why is texture important when balancing dish?
Why does your nose get runny when you eat spicy food?
Why do we use vinegar to preserve food?
Why do they add vegetable oil to cashews?
Why is microwave popcorn in a paper bag?
Why is the drink punch called punch?
Why can I smell burn toast when there is none in the toaster?
Why do you cough while eating ice cream?
Why do you have to use cream of something soup in a casserole?
Why should food never be left on the counter to thaw?
Why does milk taste sour after a long time?
Why would you put salt in a pancake?
Why was cooking invented?
Why do chefs wear checkered pants?
Why do you have to tie your hair up when cooking?
Why does jam keep for a long time?
Why is a little bit of fat good for you?
Why was the invention of the stethoscope in 1819 important?
Why do they keep meat and poultry in cold section?
Why is cooking a good skill to master?
Why do you have history class?
Why are critical control points important?
Why is this in a WWII category ?
Why are multicultural foods becoming more popular?
Why is monkey bread called monkey bread?
Why do oranges grow mold so fast?
Why does bacteria need moisture to multiply?
Why is my caramel popcorn chewy?
Why is meat aged?
Why is it important to cook food properly?
Why does cooked spinach smell like ammonia?
Why did the potato blight happen?
Why is effective stock rotation important in maintaining standard of food hygiene?
Why is arianna so pretty?
Why do roasted nuts become rancid?
Why is it important to know what to do with leftovers?
Why do nuts have a hard outing?
Why are wieners gassy?
Why do potatoes store starch?
Why do people eat plant babies?
Why are raisins sold in boxes?
Why is solanine harmful to the heterotrophs that consume the potato?
Why are some foods heated to high temperatures before they are bottled?
Why do Japanese eat their dinner at night?
Why do you stir your coffee or kalamansi juice after adding sugar?
Why does empanada mean?
Why is steaming is healthier than frying?
Why is sauce used in the caterring industry?
Why do you soak meat in salt water?
Why should you not eat uncooked meat?
Why are things so exspensive?
Why do you have to hill potatoes?
Why is it important to clean before sanitising?
Why is food coloring put in food?
Why should food be kept covered?
Why do noodles smell like noodles?
Why will this gelatin not congeal?
Why are waffles crispy?
Why is pizza greasy?
Why is it important to understand the ratio of ingredients in baking?
Why does food have to be cooked?
Why is pasta bad for you?
Why did a medieval cook cook?
Why does food have a smell?
Why is thymus called sweetbreads?
Why were jellybeans invented?
Why is apple sauce so good?
Why would a can of soup explode?
Why is a spare rib called a spare rib?
Why is peoples so stupid?
Why does your fudge not set?
Why are curds used to make yogurt?
Why would the yellow skin of a chicken turn green when cooking?
Why do you rinse lentils before cooking?
Why do you need to make a table napkin?
Why do potato chips get curled?
Why is chex mix better than doritos?
Why is instant noodles popular?
Why is popping popcorn a physical change?
Why do you crave peanuts?
Why do countries eat exotic food?
Why do british people like fish and chips?
Why do you need sweets?
Why do breakfast cereals have free collectables?
Why do you have to wash a corned beef brisket?
Why do people eat foreign food?
Why do potatoes turn black when peeled?
Why is cream ised in cold deserts?
Why does pickling cucumbers in vinegar helps to preserve them?
Why do clients have the right to choose their food?
Why was the name February chosen for that month?
Why does food becomes mushy when it is rotten?
Why is a he a him but a she not a shim?
Why do you like popcorn?
Why do pickles have pickle juice?
Why is it important to consume iodized salt?
Why doesnt salted meat rot?
Why do restaurants have wing specials on Wednesday?
Why can I NOT cook Brown Rice to perfection in my microwave even though white rice used to come out perfect every time whether I cooked in water or in tomato juice?
Why is honey so thick?
Why do they call the milkshake a milkshake?
Why is there a outdoor dining area in a cafe?
Why is peanut butter good?
Why is convex lens used for myopia?
Why is it important to avoid over cooking pasta?
Why does the milk used to make yogurt need to be bacteria free?
Why do you call sour cream if its not sour?
Why is your brain mushy?
Why is milk said to be drunk if its a food?
Why are there so many types of french cheeses?
Why do you use spices in food?
Why do Americans call crisps chips?
Why does bread decompose?
Why do the British call fries chips?
Why do women over 50 watch the view?
Why do people order tomato juice on planes more often than on the ground?
Why do buns deflate in the middle?
Why do kids hate pizzas?
Why do they call meatball grinders meatball grinders?
Why is eating healty food important?
Why is a medieval baker important to the medieval society?
Why is adding water necessary when separating salt from salt rock?
Why do you need to wipe tables before preparing food?
Why does some cooked food float on soup?
Why are there 6 hot dogs and 8 hot dog buns?
Why should you wear the correct clothing footwear and headgear at all times in the Kitchen?
Why does ice taste like bacon?
Why is sushi so yummy?
Why does peanut butter make you thirsty?
Why is it that computer cannot solve problem by itself?
Why is Yorkshire pudding called a pudding?
Why do you think that milk or cream is sometimes added in the preparation of scrambled eggs?
Why is the hamburger called hamburger?
Why are bugles so awesome?
Why do you cook a 1 dish meal?
Why does smoked meat stay pink?
Why should you cut your food in small pieces?
Why is attractively presented food easier to digest than food that looks unappetizing?
Why is water called fluid?
Why is the soup boiled again before serving?
Why is ice cream not cream made of ice?
Why does food blacken?
Why do you like fruits so much?
Why may people think cheese is a living thing?
Why are fat and sugar considered to be unhealthy foods?
Why is everything you are eating suddenly tasting so sweet?
Why is sushi good for you?
Why are hamburger called hamburger?
Why do you use sauce in foods?
Why do you use eggs in muffins?
Why do Indians like spices?
Why are you discontinuing Franco American spaghetti?
Why are fruits considered to be protective foods?
Why are reeses addicting?
Why does it take so long for soda to come out of a liter bottle if upside down?
Why do mcdonalds fries taste so good?
Why do people put soy in chocolate?
Why is food at social events?
Why has foreign food become more popular?
Why is leavening important?
Why are black Bananas a chemical Change?
Why does popcorn make your lips shrink?
Why does the food on a cooking show turn out better than at home?
Why do I get sick after eating?
Why does jelly wiggle?
Why should men and women in late adulthood try to decrease their intake of energy dense foods?
Why do you need to wear an cooking glove when cooking?
Why are people concerned about mold?
Why does water absorb salt?
Why do apples sing?
Why should cheese be mixed with bread when making a dish topped with cheese?
Why is food pyramid triangular in shape?
Why are chicken breasts sometimes tough?
Why do you always get hiccups when you eat pasta?
Why is bananas good for your health?
Why do you ask?
Why is favoratism at work not a good thing?
Why is barbecue cooking so popular in Australia?
Why are egg whites used in souffles?
Why do chefs wear checked pants?
Why is Turkey soup an acid?
Why do you learn to cook in school?
Why is steak and kidney so popular?
Why does frosted flakes sell so well?
Why do you do gardening?
Why do humans need to eat meat?
Why is having a steak better then having a hamburger?
Why are sweets eaten in the US?
Why is natural roasted chicken famous?
Why are some chicken livers yellowish in color?
Why do you set the Christmas pudding on fire?
Why does my almond roca have clarified butter on it?
Why do cans crush?
Why is starch found in plants?
Why are prawns expensive?
Why are toes green?
Why do you put a pear into red pepper soup?
Why does your freezer mist when opening door?
Why is silicon dioxide used in food?
Why did they stop making purple m and ms for a few years?
Why do Muslims not eat certain meats?
Why will a banana brown faster in the refrigerator?
Why does the food taste different when cooked?
Why do latin Americans eat bunuelos?
Why do Mexicansmove to the US?
Why does sushi have seaweed in it?
Why did the banana split?
Why are some cereals fortified with iron?
Why is butter sometimes clarified?
Why are the classifications of lab work procedures important?
Why would it be different?
Why do you have to add more flour to the dough than is called for?
Why is malt cooked?
Why are spicy foods spicy?
Why does your sphincter sauce taste weird?
Why is there rat hair in peanut butter?
Why is corn important to the world?
Why is butter put into biscuits?
Why do oranges come from Spain?
Why is DC better then than Atlanta?
Why do you caramelize onions?
Why are so many breweries in Minnesota?
Why do you celerbrate pancake day?
Why am I called Dirk?
Why are pistachio nuts green in the inside?
Why is it important to take all the liquid from the spinach?
Why do humans take food?
Why do some eggs smell?
Why is the world cheesy?
Why does pickled cucumbers develop mould?
Why is there an M on each m and m?
Why did they have golden tickets in wonka bars?
Why do humans like to eat food?
Why are cold potatoes not hot?
Why should students take their own food from home to school?
Why is te use of iodised salt advisable in human beings?
Why do we need to remove your jewelries while cooking?
Why do people plan meals?
Why do you need to make your dishes interesting?
Why should the use of pesticides be minimize?
Why is vegetable oil used to fry but noy water?
Why do packaged foods have a nutrition label?
Why is biscuit called biscuit?
Why is it important to know different foods?
Why are we expected to respect fat people?
Why does Tres Bon chocolate melt before Cadbury chocolate?
Why do cakes turn different colors when baked?
Why should stock not be added to a hot roux?
Why is there still hunger amidst plenty in the horn of Africa?
Why is grains group bigger in the food pyramid?
Why are meat and fish low in fiber?
Why do you like carrots?
Why is a microwave easy to use?
Why does Africa always have famine and no preparations?
Why are pretzels called pretzels?
Why is Kentucky fried chicken so popular in Kentucky?
Why is carbon dioxide unhealthy?
Why is using a kitchen scale important?
Why is golden syrup called golden syrup?
Why is the grain group the healthiest?
Why does cheese turn purple if you microwave it?
Why does peanut butter taste better with jam?
Why is Hunter Yahiro Fat?
Why does jello have an odor?
Why is brandy butter a traditional food in the UK?
Why is the sauce the hottest part of a pizza?
Why is Kraft peanut butter jars brown?
Why do they put a bone in the middle of a ham?
Why are acid and cream of tartar used in beating egg white?
Why is it that when you eat sweet food you crave salty food?
Why are different foods common in different places?
Why is protein so important to weightlifters?
Why do milk spoil faster in heat than in cold?
Why do you study management in living?
Why is the urine yellowish?
Why is cheese seved at the end of a meal?
Why is White Spot called White Spot?
Why do you put salt in pecan pie?
Why does suger water boil faster than salt water?
Why is the hook on maple syrup bottle?
Why are some foods and beverages stored in brown bottles?
Why is afternoon tea so popular?
Why do you have to wear an oven mitt when grabbing a pot?
Why is they middle of the bread less hot than the outside?
Why does egg white become a foam when you mix it quickly?
Why does food smell?
Why would your caramel candies crystallize?
Why did they make chocolate spead?
Why do humans prefer the sweet tasting things over the other tastes such as salty and sour?
Why are hamburger buns round?
Why is salt black in color in Guatemala?
Why is polony round?
Why does adding salt toughen corn?
Why is sheperds pie called sheperds pie?
Why do most people craves for baking powder?
Why is salmon meat pink?
Why does your nose run when you cry?
Why is chicken so expensive in Canada?
Why does corned beef come in these strangely shaped cans?
Why is wheat pasta healthier?
Why are some potatoes brown?
Why is the orange round?
Why does beer make you fat?
Why is it called peanut butter and jelly sandwhich?
Why are foods cooked in water?
Why was ice cream invented?
Why is that?
Why is it called chicken Diane?
Why do you use band saw for cutting meat?
Why are dougnuts round?
Why does food go stale?
Why are egg whites get frothy when beaten with a whisk?
Why are some chicken livers dark and some light colored?
Why is jelly wobbly?
Why does toffee not stick to cut melon or acidic fruit?
Why is marmalade yellow?
Why is propylene glycol in ice cream?
Why are the amount of special occasions growing?
Why is breakfast important for a student?
Why do people eat beef?
Why dont cooked beans grow?
Why are strawberries good for you?
Why did your Sharon fruit have a weird texture and dry your entire mouth up your one before was really nice?
Why does corned beef remain red?
Why is popcorn yellow?
Why do people eat lemons?
Why do pork chops get slimy?
Why do people like Cookies?
Why do carrots get soft when you cook them in water?
Why do you use iron?
Why does pop carbinate?
Why do people eat fatty foods?
Why is the sub named Ventana?
Why was pie invented?
Why is my rhubarb a green colour?
Why did smokybones and lonestar close down in Mishiwaka Indiana?
Why is an apple good?
Why are bagels not completely sliced?
Why do the fruits applestar appleapple mangopineapple and guaple have apple?
Why do people eat the fat from whales?
Why does your pumpkin roll crack after cooking?
Why do some people like cucumbers better when they are pickled?
Why do you make cheese?
Why dont you just look at the labels?
Why are root crops harvested before they flower?
Why does hot food smell food reaches your nose faster than cold food?
Why are pears green?
Why do you used cotton twine for prime rib?
Why did they discontinue cadbury fuse in 2006?
Why do it have 2 be on this?
Why does a strawberry look red?
Why is a strawberry red?
Why does turkey smell like rotten eggs?
Why do you get sick when you eat bad foods?
Why does popcorn shrivel up if it has margarine poured over it vs real butter?
Why is fresh whole chicken red?
Why do roast potatoes go brown?
Why do not you like meat?
Why does gum fall apart if you chew it long enough?
Why does cocoa milk and margarine form a uniform substance called fudge?
Why are there prewrapped sausages but not prewrapped bacon?
Why does food turn green?
Why is food important to Russians?
Why do humans need food?
Why is cauliflower sweet after cook?
Why should kids learn how to cook at a certain age?
Why does coconut oil solidify?
Why is modern thermometers got a digital reading?
Why would you like to become a volunteer?
Why do spores increase the risk of poisoning?
Why is ratatouille so delicious?
Why are Acids in Sodas?
Why are French fries called French?
Why do you use oven gloves?
Why is acid used as a preservative in food?
Why might a chef add mustard to a dressing made from olive oil and vinegar?
Why does msg make you full?
Why does my freezer keep defrosting?
Why do you have all kind of food?
Why cant a chicken defrost on the bench?
Why do humans knead flour?
Why did ittaly joinWorld War 2?
Why do potatoes have eyes?
Why is milk whiet?
Why do u want to know?
Why are onions dangerous for dogs to eat?
Why was sushi made?
Why does your vagina smell like tomatoes?
Why is there air all around us?
Why did the people come to the southern colonys?
Why do men go to war?
Why do Fibrous food does not have starch?
Why do you feel hungry all the time?
Why do souffles fall?
Why does your body need fats?
Why are black bries endangered becaus?
Why does milk get sour?
Why does cereal with more sugar go soggy faster?
Why are nuclear power plants important?
Why do they cut the head off a whiting fish?
Why is poultry very important features of poultry management?
Why is Neapolitan ice cream so called?
Why was pasta invented?
Why do you use vinegar in cooking?
Why did hershey choose process management over assembly?
Why should you prepare food just before cooking?
Why do lemons cut the fishy smell?
Why does food taste good?
Why is the lemon the best fruit to use to a power?
Why might sweet corn turn red when it is cooked?
Why do you use your local healthy diet pyramid for comparison but not the other countries?
Why do oven chips leave a bad smell lingering on clothes and in the house?
Why is fish not considered meat?
Why do peanuts contain starch protein and fats?
Why can you look at a lunar eclipse?
Why do you get tears when you cut onion?
Why is alcohol deadly to plants?
Why does every toaster in the world have a setting on it that burns the toast to a horrible crisp that no decent human being would dare to nibble on?
Why was pizza invented?
Why do you buy asparagus that is grown and shipped from Chile?
Why do human beings need to sleep?
Why is French toast called French toast?
Why is there settlement in vinegar bottles?
Why does things float better in salt water?
Why are foods that are healthy more expensive than those that are not healthy?
Why did colonial settlers hunt?
Why does Austria have 2 flags i don know?
Why do Cubans prefer to eat fish fruit and chicken?
Why are pistachios red?
Why does chilling an onion prevent crying?
Why did your fruit rise to the top of your homemade jam?
Why was water important in Maryland?
Why do liquids retain more heat?
Why is stainless steel used in egg holders?
Why are toast called toast?
Why are you interested with the waiter position?
Why are you interested with the waiting position?
Why do trees exist?
Why are cucumbers and pickles so alike?
Why does aluminum keep things colder than plastic?
Why does lettuce become crispy when you soake it with water?
Why do you need rain?
Why do Americans idolize film actors but still allow themselves to get overweight?
Why is the fruit orange named orange?
Why are some apples small and some big?
Why does ice waters salt dissolve quicker in hot water than?
Why is it good luck to eat gnocchi on 29 September?
Why does the product came from other country to the Philippines must be check before sell it?
Why is well water cleaner?
Why is pepperoni the most popular topping on pizza?
Why is strawberry a pseudocarp?
Why are some fruits tasty and juicy?
Why are oranges circular?
Why does a hen sit on her eggs?
Why did Carmit Bachar leave the Pussycat Dolls?
Why do we use STP in chemistry?
Why do people suck eggs?
Why do so many Japanese live on the coast?
Why does dough weigh less after it has been cooked?
Why does dough take longer to rise on rainy days?
Why is an orange round?
Why did Ezra J Warner invent can openers?
Why do you have cookies?
Why do hot cheetos turn your fingers red?
Why do dogs like bacon?
Why does steamed food turn bad in warm temperatures?
Why would sea salt have sodium ferris cyanide as an ingredient?
Why does uncooked pasta turn green?
Why does hunger exist today?
Why does cream cheese produce water or that cheese juice?
Why do you think that the eggs membrane will let water to enter but not corn syrup?
Why do people like reese cups?
Why should potatoes be cooked before they are eaten?
Why does it taste bland?
Why are peas green?
Why is bottled water good?
Why should vegetables be bought in season?
Why do you burp after eating garlic?
Why do soft drinks affect teeth?
Why should a company hire a fresh graduate right out of school?
Why is Nestle a TNC?
Why is ground beef brown in color?
Why is grain called the staff of life?
Why is pork cook more than other meats?
Why did people create jelly beans?
Why do New Zealanders like Jaffa Lollies?
Why do people eat fish?
Why do people like fast food?
Why is emulsification used in food preparation and processing?
Why is melted butter a reversibe change?
Why is betty crocker important to minnesota?
Why is cooking important for schools?
Why are foods like gherkins and onions stored in an acidic solution?
Why is the Australian meat pie considered to be typically Australian?
Why are bendy straws important?
Why is it that the number of hot dogs and the number of buns per bag are different?
Why do bananas turn black after being fridged?
Why does cheesecake taste good?
Why is Sulpher dioxide used in food?
Why have your last 2 Veal Parmigiana contained patties that were burned on the one side?
Why do they call hot dogs hotdogs?
Why does toast go brown?
Why do plants need food?
Why does cinnamon hurt when you swallow it?
Why was there a turkey?
Why does foil cool down faster then a piece of pizza?
Why does the hot cross bun have a cross on top?
Why do baked beans make you fart?
Why should you be the popcorn party Celebrity?
Why are snails popular in France?
Why dont people eat turky eggs?
Why did you did they discontinue Doritos Dill Pickle chips?
Why are bananas fattening if they contain no fat?
Why are fruits different colors?
Why do chickens need food?
Why do healthy food taste bland?
Why do people toast over wine?
Why do companies irradiate some fruits and vegetables before they are sold to the public?
Why do people marinate meat in vinegar?
Why was Sushi invented?
Why are eggs white?
Why do people live in the savanna?
Why are taproots used as food more than fibrous roots?
Why did fast food come out?
Why does baking soda and vinegar explode?
Why do people use dish soap?
Why do beans give you gas?
Why are tacos a healty food?
Why do you eat vegetables?
Why cant Jewish people eat meat and dairy products together?
Why do people like blueberries?
Why is a picnic ham so named?
Why did they put picher in her name?
Why does spicy food make you sweat?
Why does oranges produce electricity?
Why does cream last longer than milk?
Why does shrimp no longer taste shrimpy?
Why is it necessary for the body to break down the food?
Why did nutritional value decrease in food?
Why did Gordon Ramsay choose to become a chef?
Why did people decide that picnics should be eaten outside?
Why are the inner and outer planets divided?
Why does buttermilk look kind of like yogurt?
Why is food so good?
Why are pickles blue?
Why dont teenagers like to eat fruits and vegetables?
Why is it importants to follow a varied diet?
Why is salami red?
Why is elbow macaroni curved?
Why does pasta shed water on the plate after the sauce is added?
Why is important to know food contents?
Why do some ingredients defy your attempts to reduce them to simple formula?
Why has the price of corn gone up?
Why do you need to use eggs when cooking?
Why do your crackers fall apart before I get a chance to even put a spread on them I know they were NT always like this?
Why do peas taste bad?
Why is cheese smelly?
Why does organic milk smell weird?
Why was food rationed in Britain World War 2?
Why do people set their table?
Why does a banana turn brown quicker on a plane?
Why do you squint after eating sour food?
Why was the toaster smoking?
Why are school lunches so gross?
Why is there film ring in cup afer drinking?
Why do boiled eggs turn black?
Why did Winston get kicked out of newspaper?
Why will hot water freeze first out of milk vinegar vegetable oil hot water and cold water?
Why are tropical fruits gaining popularity?
Why do people want fair trade to happen?
Why do you use ripe tomatoes to make sauce?
Why do mandarins have segments?
Why is meat good for you?
Why does your brain power increase when taking magic mushrooms?
Why do people like eating junk food?
Why do some vegetarians avoid some types of cheese?
Why are some cheeses yellow and others white?
Why does your girlfriend throw up after every meal?
Why did the children get sent away?
Why are burritos so good?
Why did Ruth die so young?
Why does kool aid jammers man break through walls?
Why is a gorilla impoortat?
Why is skim milk homogenized?
Why do i like ice cream so much?
Why did Miwok men and Miwok women have different jobs?
Why does the ceral total show a fruit on the box an has none in it?
Why is nick duverneau obese?
Why is cake so good?
Why are Cats and dogs hygiene hazard?
Why does baking soda react with sugar?
Why does a brown paper bag holding potato chips become dicolored and soggy over time?
Why are wine gums called so?
Why do Australians eat spaghetti on toast?
Why did the Greeks chose olive oil and wine?
Why do I have bubbles in my cake mix?
Why does gold version smell good?
Why do you plant peanuts?
Why do nz companies import goods from overseas?
Why do hostess twinkies never expire?
Why do you have to eat?
Why are chefs important to your society?
Why is glycerin put in taffy?
Why is nestle a bad multnational companies?
Why is the world food supply diminishing?
Why is cheese so popular?
Why do you cook meat?
Why is pistachio ice cream colored green?
Why do most fruits have smooth bits on?
Why is tourism sometimes refered to as a promition of world peace?
Why are African foods popular?
Why are pickles called pickles?
Why does milk serve as an effective sleep inducer?
Why do you call it chicken breast when it doesnt have a nipple?
Why are limes green?
Why is New York better than Chicago?
Why cant you defrost chicken on the counter?
Why are they becoming fat?
Why is it important to add pasta to boiling water?
Why did they you cook foods for people in china?
Why is an orange juice lemonade drink called a Henry?
Why is Maine important?
Why do Swedish people eat 15L ice cream a year?
Why did they make Mt Koscioszko?
Why is sugar put in hot cheetos?
Why is cheese usually orange?
Why is coke able to flow?
Why are adolescent girls and woman more likely to suffer from iron deficiency?
Why do fat only go to your belly but not your butt?
Why does deep fried chicken have hot grease pockets?
Why does diet drinks freeze faster than regular drinks?
Why is banana juice yellow?
Why is strawberry juice red?
Why do you have to process or preserve fruits and vegetables?
Why do the Chinese eat rats?
Why do French eat Frogs?
Why is pasta a carborhydrate?
Why is it safe to package food?
Why does your Black Decker infrawave Toast only on ONE side?
Why is it important to blanch bones when preparing white stock?
Why do different cultures eat different foods?
Why is communication important at work?
Why do you prepare before receiving a delivery?
Why does milk blow bubbles?
Why is unhealthy food so appealing?
Why is melody so sweet?
Why do you always get scrambled bits and pieces when you buy bar s bacon?
Why does thinner gage stainless steel scratch easier than a thicker one?
Why does thin gage stainless steel scratch easier than thicker gage stainless steel?
Why do people eat sharks?
Why does the brain remember negative prospects rather than positive ones?
Why do soup cans have ridges?
Why are food additives added?
Why do i have a Cool sensation in my cheeks after eating cake and waffles?
Why do your eyes water if you have hot curry?
Why does ice cream Get Sold In PLastic?
Why did they like crumbuley and stuff like that?
Why dont you live here?
Why is all your cakes is too heavy?
Why does water in an open plastic bottle taste bad after a day?
Why do cooked onions have such a mild flavor?
Why is alcohol bad for your health?
Why are potato chip bags filled up halfway?
Why do you crave uncooked flour?
Why do chefs wear black and white?
Why do people eat cotton?
Why do british people eat fish and chips?
Why is it important to eat nutrient dense foods rather than energy dense foods?
Why do ice cream cones have holes in the top of them?
Why did Reynolds wrap quit selling the cooking bags?
Why is the banana yellow?
Why is there only flavor on one side of some chips?
Why do you use methine?
Why did the yogurt go mouldy?
Why do your ears burn when you eat spicy food?
Why do you separate eggs?
Why does so much food taste like chicken?
Why is a champagne glass called a flute?
Why is it that food tastes better when cooked with a gas or even wood stove than electric?
Why are Alaskan King Crabs with barnicles thrown back?
Why are chicken bones of cooked chicken sometimes dark and sometimes whiter?
Why does Tomato Sauce stain a carpet?
Why is it hard to chew and swallow food?
Why do you need to eat balanced meals?
Why is it sometimes hard to chew and swallow food?
Why is FISH on the back of trucks?
Why is McDonalds successful around the world?
Why can you get fresh strawberries all year round?
Why do you add vinegar to noodles before eating it?
Why does milk take lages to freeze?
Why is watermelon called watermelon?
Why are my potato plants growing what looks like baby potatoes on the plant branches like cherry tomatoes grow?
Why are kiwis hairy?
Why does cream rise in milk?
Why are bonds less risky assets?
Why is Mcdonalds so popular?
Why does food decompose?
Why does everthing i eat ot srink taste burnt or bitter?
Why did your homemade ice cream not set?
Why does corn starch fizz when you add water?
Why are there different methods of measuring the contents of food and drink items?
Why do people soak hamburg in milk?
Why did Cut garlic turn green over time?
Why should you use sure jell when making jelly?
Why do hot dogs come in packets of 10 but the buns come in packets of 8?
Why does soup come in a cylinder when a prism would ship better?
Why was licorice created?
Why was licorcice invented?
Why are twizzlers still being enjoyed today?
Why do you talk like a pirate when you drink?
Why does tuna differ in strength of taste?
Why do chips go mouldy?
Why does dairy reduce heat from hot foods?
Why do dogs beg for food when they have food in their food bowl?
Why does my kitten break into her food and eat half the bag when she has food in her dish?
Why do you have to peel peppers to can them?
Why has your cauliflower turned brown?
Why do tacos rule?
Why is brunsli so popular?
Why do you feel giddy during periods?
Why are the cooking vessels painted black?
Why do you study astringency?
Why do mashed potatoes stay white?
Why does more butter make the food tastier?
Why is it important to work wihtin them?
Why is brick oven pizza so good?
Why do different solutes vary in the speed with which they dissolve in water?
Why do some potatoes go blackish after cooking?
Why does my raw frozen pork chops have green spots?
Why is your cooked icing grainy?
Why are balanced meals not appetizing?
Why is protein present in foods?
Why is dhal served with curries?
Why does light affect the growth of mould on bread?
Why does sour cream turn watery?
Why do Kadampa Buddhists turn over dishes after eating?
Why is the left leg more tender than the right leg on a chicken?
Why does the pot gets as hot as the boiling water?
Why does human exsisted?
Why do you have to keep Uncrustables frozen?
Why do metal spoons heat up instead of expanding?
Why was the plum pudding model incorrect?
Why do people like eating flour?
Why is a shot of booze called a shot?
Why do potatoes have catalase?
Why is food presentaion an important part of the dining experience?
Why is convenience food more expensive then fresh food?
Why do different cultures prefer certain foods?
Why do hot dogs come in a packs of 8 and buns in packs of 10?
Why does cream float on milk?
Why do tacos taste so good on Thursday nights?
Why are children particularly effected by food inequity?
Why do birdman and master p have a beef?
Why is the mango common in food preservation?
Why do you add curd to prepare idlis?
Why does milk neutralize acid foods?
Why does chicken pop in the microwave?
Why does milk leap out of the pan when boiled?
Why are the inner leaves of the onion so thick?
Why do green peppers rust?
Why was the white in your hen egg red?
Why does spicy food hurt?
Why does cooking is an art?
Why do people love food?
Why cannabis is a depressant?
Why is a one dish meal good?
Why does hard boiled eggs smell?
Why does your homemade jalapeno jelly smell taste like vinegar?
Why did your tomato sauce separate after you froze and thawed it?
Why does eggs turn black on a egg fryer?
Why did the colonials fight the british?
Why are they called wax beans?
Why is junkfood harmful?
Why does cheap peanut butter taste better than expensive peanut butter?
Why are some popular foods eaten not environmentally friendly?
Why is salt placed in a fire hydrant?
Why can salt and sugar not be sepa rated?
Why should a patient taking thyroid hormones avoid foods high in iodine?
Why do boxers eat steak before a fight?
Why are the tops not sealing on your canned tomatoes?
Why are junkfoods bad for you?
Why are GM Foods bad?
Why do you share your foods to the older ones?
Why did people choose to eat pasta?
Why do you think flour and a water mixture turns into a paste?
Why can i smell toast when no one is eating?
Why can you not use a metal bowl for cooking?
Why is couscous so popular in France?
Why is that?
Why does spicy food cause perspiration?
Why are sugars so prevalent as an additive in your packaged foods?
Why are chicken nuggets are served in cafeterias in schools?
Why do marshmellows blow up in microwaves?
Why can you not get campbells soup in your supermarket anymore?
Why do they call margarine snd not butter?
Why is it bad manners to finish your food in china?
Why are everyday meals important?
Why are fruit and vegetables imported?
Why is bacteria used to make yoghurt?
Why is Delaware famous for popcorn?
Why does salt come out of a dying person?
Why do people need iv food?
Why are popcorn ceilings out of favor?
Why do i have egg white discharge?
Why does frozen food stay fresher in salted water?
Why do fried eggs smell bad?
Why would it be so popular otherwise?
Why is it easier to concert meters to cenimeters or millimeters then it is to convert miles to yards or feet?
Why are emulsifiers used in food products?
Why do potatoes starch?
Why do baked beans give you gas?
Why does fried food cause flatulance?
Why do Italians eat tomatoes?
Why is a watermelon sweet?
Why does an egg change when fried?
Why do you need to eat breakfast lunch and dinner?
Why is salad good for your body?
Why is the chicken in the oven chewy?
Why did your cooked chicken turn grey?
Why does body need beef?
Why do some vegetables like celery and carrots get tougher as they age?
Why does plugging your nose affect the way food tastes?
Why is peanut butter a mixture?
Why is Aspartame eatable in foods and drinks?
Why am I Craving spicy foods?
Why do olive oil and water separatewhen put together?
Why are some apples green?
Why is accurate measuring important?
Why did you go to the on the training?
Why do you use modern technology in food production?
Why is a pizza named a pizza?
Why are production systems important?
Why did the Indians fight on the french side in the french Indian war?
Why is cocoa so expensive?
Why would someone crave burnt foods?
Why do rotting foods smell?
Why is the water activity in food important?
Why is milk heated to make yogurt?
Why is starch a better source of energy than sugar?
Why is steel used in a dinner fork?
Why do you need to eat fruit and vegetables?
Why is it best to keep popcorn kernels refrigerated?
Why does popcorn made with a west bend stir crazy maker turn out with a lot of kernals?
Why would my Female spayed dog hump pillows and blankets that are close to her own color?
Why do they can food?
Why is hot soup first to be eaten in supper?
Why do humans need food to survive?
Why will watermelon stay cool for a longer time than sandwiches when both are removed from a cooler on a hot day?
Why do people crave hot sauce?
Why do people like eggs?
Why are some foods digestible and others are not?
Why are some foods digestible?
Why do people eat anything the edible that they can get their hands on?
Why did the butcher put bells on his scale?
Why is hamburger meat red?
Why should bear meat be thoroughly cooked?
Why is salad healthy?
Why is there butter in cookies?
Why does a plantain have to be cooked before eaten?
Why are my pinto beans white when they are cooked?
Why does different brands of popcorn leave different amounts of unpoped kernels?
Why are potatoes called spuds?
Why does Carl Leng cook spaghetti?
Why does salt sink to the bottom?
Why does pH level matter in juice?
Why does beef taste rancid after cooking?
Why do parents hate french fries?
Why is sunlight needed are food making?
Why is protease used to predigest the proteins in some baby foods?
Why is food important in El Slavador?
Why did the british retreat back to Boston in 1775?
Why do Wintergreen Life Savers sparkle in the dark?
Why does steam does not set off a smoke alarm?
Why is it called a Chicken Sandwich?
Why do you eat and drink?
Why do Most foods taste too salty?
Why do your parents always control you?
Why is it important for a caterer to have a reasonable degree of knowledgew in the industry?
Why are teriyaki restraunts closed on Sunday?
Why is an apple orange?
Why are girls attracted to pink?
Why does salt sweat out of your pores when running?
Why do potatoes store its sugar as simple sugar?
Why do you say no more comments from the peanut gallery?
Why doesnt bread grow mould?
Why are potatoes absorbent?
Why is the hot soup tastier than cold soup?
Why is eating healthy so hard?
Why are the numbers of Organic Products on the market increasing?
Why does the body need beef?
Why is a tomato a vegetable but not a cucumber?
Why are snacks good for you?
Why did they number they vitamin b complex?
Why is eggs and milk considered to be meat alternatives?
Why is brown sugar sticky?
Why is an okra a vegetable?
Why is sugar added to egg whites?
Why do pineapple processors wear masks?
Why do fruits and vegetables contain fiber?
Why would hamburger grease have green in it?
Why is pasta better than mushrooms?
Why are waffles considered breakfast food?
Why are computer so important?
Why do people have food at a big gatherings?
Why are cheeses different from each other?
Why is butter packed in foil wrapping?
Why does the inside of your mouth feel cooler when you eat minty candy like peppermint?
Why is Logical and time efficient work flow is necessary in receiving goods?
Why do you need to eat foods with iron in it?
Why do hot dogs come 10 in a package while buns come 8 in a package?
Why is peanut butter so sticky?
Why do processed foods have an expiration date?
Why does your tongue twitch when you read?
Why are vegetables quickly boiled before they are frozen?
Why do you add water to chicken?
Why is toast crunchy?
Why does your raw beef tenderloin stink?
Why does bacteria not grow in an opened pickle jar?
Why is watermelon sometimes pale pink inside instead of red?
Why do you shake oil and vinegar before using it as a dressing?
Why do shallots turn blue when cooked?
Why do you like cooking spray?
Why should you not hav more than 6g of salt?
Why do kids like icecream?
Why are people efficient in dispersing edible fruit?
Why is the bread cereal rice and pasta group shown at the bottom of the new food pyramid?
Why does a chick need protein?
Why do people steal things from other people?
Why did The Great Plains make Pumpkin Bread?
Why is olive oil used in breadmaking?
Why would chewing gum help you learn?
Why do you want to look at pictures of food?
Why are the soda bottles round in shape while milk cartons are usually rectangular?
Why should you steam fish?
Why do collard greens gives you gas than other foods?
Why is your radiator smoking?
Why do crackers cream of tartar and sugar taste like apples?
Why do you need food fortification?
Why is it better to broil rather than frying foods?
Why do people eat endangered fish?
Why do you have turkey?
Why are waffles yellow?
Why is food cooked before canned?
Why does brown sugar turn white while being stored?
Why do we keep food in the fridge?
Why do you need to burst crackers?
Why are you always hungry you are 14 yrs old but this is getting ridiculous?
Why do people crush corn flakes before eating?
Why did this group migrate?
Why do you think it is compulsory for food packages to have nutritional information and a list of ingredients?
Why would a cooked turkey when sliced have green inside?
Why does dry fruit expand when you cook it?
Why are food additives in prepared foods essential?
Why are fish cakes round?
Why does a paper bag have to contain an apple in order for a banana to ripen well?
Why would your chicken soup go sour?
Why should you avoid eating very fatty or very salty foods?
Why is lead not used in food containers?
Why are white sliced loaf of bread made in high volume?
Why are cookies bad for you?
Why are the English called roast beef?
Why does pink custard powder turn yellow when mixed with water?
Why are redgalar maps?
Why are staple foods good for us?
Why are sauces used in cooking?
Why do the french soundtracks on Hollywood dvds in Canada never match the french subtitles because the same movies on TV use close captioning that matches the french soundtracks no problem?
Why do foods high in protein stick more than other foods?
Why does skim milk powder store and keep better than dried whole milk?
Why are olives often used in mixed drinks?
Why does sausages and bacon taste different?
Why was Hawaii considered by the government and others to be an important territory for the us?
Why are foods diffrent colors?
Why does the pizza have different flavors?
Why would you want to?
Why is meat protein good for you?
Why are meat pies famous?
Why dont i feel hungry?
Why is the egg white sometimes entirely red?
Why do people like pizzas?
Why does the outside of a potato cook before the inside?
Why does wine seem horrible for children but when you grow into adults you like it?
Why is yogurt unhealthy?
Why is it necessary to digest foods?
Why were the Persians opposed to becoming traders?
Why is pound cake southern?
Why did some colonists question indepedence was a sensible policy?
Why do people put water on their cereal?
Why do my peppers have brown spots?
Why cant you get cosy caramel in 500g packs?
Why do you leave potatoes to soak in fresh water before cooking them?
Why are they called Vienna sausage?
Why does the bananarot?
Why do bacon and ham last longer than any other meat?
Why is your pumpkin turning green?
Why do you dress up in costumes?
Why is there peanut butter in peanut butter jelly sandwiches?
Why do you want to work for Canadian superstore store?
Why is more time required to boil pasta in some places?
Why is there a light at the end of the tunnel?
Why are there gray walls?
Why should you not wear nail varnish while cooking?
Why does an angel food cake fall ten minutes before being done?
Why are pans for chiffon cake not greased?
Why do i eat butter toast?
Why do we crave sweet and greasy foods?
Why cant you squash solids?
Why do we eat salad before a meal?
Why does everyone say that Organic is better?
Why did the Indians fight with the French in the French and Indian war?
Why is iodine used to stain the potato?
Why is it a cake of soap?
Why should people not burn many crackers?
Why do you need the seven food groups?
Why do you add vinegar to cook crab?
Why is silica ham?
Why is sunflower seed bread good for you?
Why did Liouis XVI finally agree to summon the Estaates General?
Why are fatty foods tasty?
Why is hydrogenated oil bad for your health?
Why does ice cream need to be mix while cooling?
Why do people learn cooking?
Why do you use a food processor?
Why does using a straw reduce acid?
Why did Ponce de Leon grow cassava near his villa on the eastern shore of Hispaniola?
Why is it necessary to shake a bottle of salad d dressing before adding it to a salad?
Why would you use only baking soda to cook fruit cake?
Why do you want to be an cosmetologist?
Why does lemon meringue filling get too wet after cooking?
Why were eggs expensive last year?
Why does cheese get sharper as it ages?
Why do cooks use eggs in mayonnaise?
Why is peanut butter sticky?
Why does your mom like the taste of yummy foods?
Why has meat started tasting spoiled to you?
Why is margarine soluble in cooking oil?
Why is butter salted?
Why do you crave pickles in the middle of the night?
Why does food dye expand with water?
Why do you lose your appetite when you cook sometimes?
Why is there tomato in pasta dough?
Why did Nathaniel bacon rebel?
Why do tootsie rolls come in different sizes?
Why are cooking smells through vent?
Why are potatoes nick named spuds?
Why does bread begin 2 digest in your mouth?
Why would you refrigerate beef stew?
Why do people crave baking soda?
Why does you plant need light to grow?
Why do people hate kitty litter cake?
Why is there small black pieces in canned tuna?
Why do scrambled eggs bloat your stomach?
Why is your penis bigger than anybody elses?
Why do people not eat applesauce with peanut butter?
Why do carrots get spongy when soaked in salt water?
Why are terrestrial and aquatic foods important to one another?
Why did the name change from Marathon to Snickers in 1990?
Why are oranges healthy?
Why did chicken soup sour?
Why would you tenderise a steak?
Why are green beans a fruit?
Why do eggs stink?
Why is food needed for survival?
Why did Orgo check his animal crackers before eating any?
Why should air be kept away from food?
Why is oil found in seeds?
Why is cheese so tastey?
Why do you have to knead the dough when making pasta?
Why are to much strawberries not good for you?
Why did olive oil not work completely?
Why did Bacon and his followers rebel?
Why was there a tack in the sliced turkey made by oncor?
Why do you need intenbsive food?
Why is processing your food important?
Why do you use fat in cakes?
Why is there so much sugar in yogurt?
Why did people put candles in pumpkins?
Why should you eat a variety of different foods?
Why is tin not very good at keeping your soup warm?
Why does lasagna always turn out runny?
Why does your lasagna always turn out runny?
Why is too much sugar not good for you?
Why does conduction help cook an egg?
Why do people find meat unnappealing?
Why is meatloaf called meatloaf?
Why is turkey wings people favorite?
Why is duck meat popular in china?
Why is aeting healthy foods good for you?
Why is metal are used cooking utensils?
Why are there different pasta shapes?
Why do you use rock salt with ice cream?
Why does lettuce become crispy when soaked in water?
Why did the Europeans meet at Berlin to carve the Magnificent African Cake?
Why does flour suspend in water?
Why does iodine turn potatoes blueish blackish?
Why does your nose run when you eat hot soup?
Why are you putting on weight all of a sudden because your a fat cow?
Why do you eat pickles?
Why do some chefs not wash there chicken or poultry before they cook?
Why do oranges turn fingers white?
Why is corned beef named corned beef?
Why is the study of personality is important?
Why are nuts bevelled on one end?
Why did the diet coke reach the highest apogee with the mentos mint?
Why is it called Popeseye steak?
Why does potato contains starch?
Why do apple jacks make milk change into a greenish color?
Why is pig called pork?
Why do your cookies crumble?
Why does ganesh have sweets?
Why would pumpkin bread split on top while baking?
Why do you package?
Why do YOU package?
Why does raw ground beef turn brown?
Why did you ask?
Why do we use salt?
Why do supermarkets water their produce?
Why is food adulterated?
Why do French people talk French?
Why does soup go cold in a tin?
Why do you need to make the waffle iron hot before pouring the batter?
Why do eggs fry in a pan?
Why does food taste better if it looks better?
Why is it safer to use a nonmetal mixing spoon when cooking something on a stove?
Why does bread always fall on butter side down?
Why have you got a sausage like shape after my angiogram which was done just under 3 weeks ago?
Why do black people eat chicken?
Why do guys eat more than girls?
Why does an objects weight increase when it is cooked?
Why is sugar added to food?
Why do you put pizza in a package?
Why is ice cream creamy?
Why did pfizer decide to build a plant in sandwich in that particular area?
Why is chicken meat green inside after cooking?
Why is gm food good for you?
Why does lean meat soften when boiled?
Why does the waffle separate when cooking it?
Why dont blunt knives work?
Why was e102 removed from food?
Why does a plastic shortening like margarine weigh less per cup than a melted one or than a cooking oil?
Why does bread refresh brown sugar?
Why are the 7 foods groups important?
Why is egg a cake ingredient?
Why would the smell of freshly baked bread eventually fill an entire house?
Why do your bodies need different foods?
Why are these coloured squares on cereal boxes?
Why is it called waffling?
Why do golden arches appear?
Why does the salad be crispy even though it is made hours later?
Why does grated gralic turn green in the refrigerator?
Why do you peel carrots?
Why do cooked sweet potatoes turn greenish?
Why do foods taste bitter when they are not?
Why do some additives have permitted amounts?
Why does fruit soften when it is cooked in water?
Why do you put buttons in chrisrmas puddings?
Why did Super Fresh and Path mark merge?
Why can people eat fermented food and not get sick?
Why is fibre important to us?
Why is wax paper important for fudge?
Why do you smell burnt toast?
Why is there flour in a cake?
Why can chicken nuggets come in a box with flowers?
Why do you sometimes use tinfoil when cooking in the oven?
Why does salt have different structures?
Why are crackers brown?
Why does by lasagna fall apart?
Why is ground beef better bacteria growth medium than steak or roast?
Why do soups and chili have gluten in them?
Why does your smoked ham have brown spots on the interior meat?
Why do you have crackers?
Why should you not put butter on burns?
Why is pasta so important to Itlay?
Why does the temperature of a turkey go up after removing from oven?
Why does gwakamole taste like tomatoes?
Why is an eggplant called a eggplant?
Why should foods be covered when microwaving?
Why is Black Bean Soup important to Hondurans?
Why do people pickle things?
Why is a olive put into a tamale?
Why does a egg have so much food in them?
Why do people eat unhelthy foods?
Why are sausage grinders used?
Why is tru life beef with Jim jone?
Why is your account suspended you tried to order but could not check out a while back you wanted a battery charger and bread box?
Why are monosaccharides and disaccharides called sugar?
Why did people start making cake?
Why cant a cooked egg go back to raw?
Why would you blanch bacon?
Why do you sometimes crave salty foods?
Why does a girl like eggs?
Why does a chayote squash have flowers but no fruit?
Why do Jewish People eat egg salad with lemon and Fennel?
Why does oranges turn brown?
Why is olive oil in glass bottles?
Why did Godfathers Pizza start?
Why do wild salmon taste better tham farm raised salmon?
Why are some foods grown in certain parts of the earth?
Why do fat kids eat so much?
Why can you squash air but not water?
Why is ground meat sometimes discolored?
Why is my Roast beef rainbow iredescent?
Why do people eat sugar?
Why are chicken legs dark near the bone when cooked?
Why is it important to avoid certain foods when in close contact with customers?
Why does food have to be broken down before the body can use it?
Why do people have Sunday dinners?
Why can you not get Kraft peanut butter in the US?
Why is the meal experience important?
Why do crunchie bars have bubbles in them?
Why does not air pressure squash you?
Why did Dr B Blangenheimer call it cake?
Why do strawberries age?
Why is cheese cool?
Why is the heating element found at the bottom of the kettle?
Why is stage make up called pancake?
Why were most Romans NOT allowed to cook in their own homes?
Why do hamburgers and buns come in different amount s?
Why is sushi so stupid?
Why does a shrimp change colors when cooked?
Why are pancakes better than waffles?
Why do you roast chestnuts?
Why does a pot turn black on the inside when you cook eggs?
Why does it become goo when you mix cornstarch and water together?
Why is Johnson in the soup?
Why does brown sugar and butter when cooked turn gritty after it cools?
Why are pancakes round?
Why do people want organic food?
Why do people always say mm when tasting something new?
Why is it a good idea to use the term shortening instead of fat?
Why does the orange have skin?
Why are standard components used?
Why are pistachio nuts never deshelled?
Why do you eat dairy products?
Why do you like chesse?
Why does cereal have iron in it?
Why did he invent the gingerbread house?
Why are foods grown in certain parts of the US?
Why do you like pie and terererre?
Why do foods keep their bright colors when cooked ina microwave?
Why did you evolve such that sugary and greasy foods taste good?
Why is sirloin steak called sirloin?
Why are pancakes bad for you?
Why is there an olive in a tamale?
Why is sour cream gritty?
Why is mustard oil better than olive oil?
Why is your fireplace smoking?
Why is fluid flow important to the food industry?
Why does Williams and sonoma not carry henkels knives anymore?
Why is the steak sandwich so bad and the meat grey?
Why does egg pasta turn green before it is boiled?
Why do sushi restaurants close after lunch?
Why will rubbing your hands on stainless steel eliminate an onion smell?
Why do people call a pork sholder a pork butt?
Why were pop tarts dropped on Afghanistan?
Why is cheese a dairy product?
Why is my tire smoking?
Why would you drink dish soap?
Why does dynamite contain peanut butter?
Why are cabbages good for you?
Why are cereals popular?
Why should you not eat cheese before bed?
Why does spinach taste bad?
Why would packaged frozen jumbo precooked shrimp say do not force thaw under running water?
Why do people eat cabbage on new years day?
Why is it called corned beef if there is no corn in it?
Why do people eat pork and sauerkraut on new years day?
Why is your balsamic vinegar set?
Why are tomatoes called girls or boys?
Why are potatoes the most commonly eaten food in Russia?
Why does the last bite of food taste the best?
Why does milk take away the burn of peppers?
Why are olives healthy?
Why are you fat in French?
Why are you fat?
Why do cooked foods taste different after they have cooked form the way they tasted when they were hot?
Why do your nipples smell like pancakes?
Why do australians eat meat pies?
Why did Ethan ask her to stay?
Why is whipped cream white?
Why is it hard to find the warheads sour candy where can you find them?
Why is a pinaple a frute?
Why are fruits colorful tasty?
Why is Texas famous for barbecue?
Why do proteins carbs and high fiber stay in your stomach the longest?
Why is tomato soup healthy?
Why do people love hot dogs?
Why should we get rid of garbage?
Why does milk appear white?
Why do eggs bounce when you drop it in vinegar?
Why do you feel pain more when you are cold?
Why is eating red meat all the time bad for you?
Why do traditional Japanese foods contain no milk products?
Why does yellow food colouring appear red?
Why does Aquafina water taste better than the other brands?
Why do you need to take a nap in the afternoon?
Why do your bottom feeders stop at the top of the tank?
Why do they call it salisbury steak?
Why do the sides of a cake cook faster than the center which rises higher?
Why is honey made?
Why are legumes important in the human diet?
Why does cajun food thrive in one region of the world?
Why do you put flour on stew meat before browning?
Why will organic macaroni grow mold the fastest?
Why would it rain ice cream?
Why does everything you eat taste of salt?
Why does egg white trap so much air?
Why do people eat old eggs?
Why do winter fresh last longer?
Why is a sausage called a sausage?
Why are tribels so backward?
Why is nurtirtion good for cooking?
Why did settlers bring only certain foods?
Why did settlers bring the same foods?
Why is Crisco better than other substitutes?
Why is it important that canned foods be cooked properly?
Why can you eat a rare steak and not a rare burger?
Why can you squash gases?
Why should you eat foods with oil?
Why do they call pasta?
Why does food burn?
Why do you want to work at Pancake house Inc?
Why is a pickle spear served with a deli sandwich?
Why is it bad to use meat tenderizer?
Why does old popcorn pop less kernals than new popcorn?
Why is it important to store food in the correct containers?
Why are some foods transported great distances?
Why is Yeast used in the food and drink Industries?
Why do pickled cucumbers remain edible longer than fresh cucumbers do?
Why should people not steal things?
Why is warmth needed to make bread?
Why do you need potatoes?
Why is it bad to start cooking with hot water?
Why do you like hamburger?
Why does raisin toast brown faster than normal bread?
Why is egg white and milk is used as antidote for heavy metal poisoning?
Why do crackers become soft when left in the open?
Why are there many holes in a French toast?
Why would peanut butter be a good example of the mantle?
Why is it important to use different cooking methods in cooking?
Why do eggs have one thinner point?
Why cant you see jam sandwiches in the dark?
Why are cheeses different?
Why are animal fats solid at room temperature?
Why do raisens fall to the bottom of a cake mix?
Why are Apples more efficient at waking you up in the morning than caffeine?
Why do people eat jamn serrano?
Why are tomatoes evil?
Why did he make invention out of peanuts?
Why do oranges have a rough texture?
Why do we saute onions and peppers before we put them in Chiles and sauces?
Why is fruit by ethane gas?
Why are there eggs?
Why does the outer skin of an orange turn brown?
Why does the outside of oranges skin turn brown?
Why does my cake not rise in the middle?
Why does cooked food keep longer than fresh food?
Why is it important to serve hot foods hot and cold foods cool?
Why do peanuts need less nitrogen in ther growth?
Why did the iroqouois eat the food they did?
Why does an egg turn white when you cook it?
Why did he want pizza?
Why are crackers so tasty?
Why is the yellow pez softer the rest?
Why does smoking continue?
Why do people eat saltine crackers when they are sick?
Why is clear and concise communication essential in the hospitality industry?
Why do people like tacos?
Why do you cook yeast at thirty degrees?
Why are mashed potatoes so delicious?
Why does fishball contian starch?
Why do your fairy cakes shrink from the cases?
Why is bonnie a potato?
Why is pancake day celebrated?
Why does an orange peel sink?
Why do I get itchy when I eat sugar or fruit?
Why is food necessary?
Why does BHT help crackers stay fresher longer?
Why do pancakes come out circular?
Why is pizza yellow?
Why are meats tenderised?
Why is the box of pizza not in circular shape?
Why are you craving tomato sauces?
Why are there different colored wire ties on loaves of bread?
Why is peanut butter important?
Why do eggs dissolve in vinegar?
Why does America produce the most food?
Why does some foods stick to no stick pans?
Why do people eat hambergrs?
Why are most healthy foods nasty?
Why are your new potatoes rubbery?
Why is the inside of your russet potato red?
Why does Orville popcorn popthe fastest?
Why has pasta become so popular?
Why does hot food smells stronger than cold food?
Why are brassicas healthy?
Why is apple an hard fruit?
Why are spicy deep fried chicken wings called buffalo wings everyplace except in Buffalo?
Why does Cross Contamination not bother you?
Why do you need to consider the time of gathering in planning and preparing foods for different occasions?
Why is there starch in cereal?
Why are culinary terms often in French?
Why should you use rock salt for ice cream?
Why is cooking oil bad for you?
Why do chefs wear tall hats?
Why is brie your friend?
Why is ketchup dense?
Why is peanut butter bad for people to eat?
Why does Baking Soda have to be used in cake ingredients?
Why do people chew gum annoyingly?
Why do northern Italians cook with butter?
Why do you celebrate Pancake Day?
Why are you dizzy after sugar intake?
Why are green foods good for you?
Why does an egg go white when cooked?
Why does cold water make vegetables crunchy?
Why do you get gas after eating potatoes?
Why does the bannana turn brown?
Why was peanut butter needed?
Why are you intereted in participating in leadership program?
Why do some foods seem to go thru in minutes?
Why is there pizza?
Why does all food taste bitter?
Why are chips golden brown?
Why are foods frozen at room temperature below zero?
Why is it the hot food has a stronger smell than cold food?
Why do sugary foods contribute to tooth decay?
Why is the sausage called sausage?
Why do teens like sugary foods over healthy foods?
Why do you need a pencil for sushi?
Why would you want to start?
Why are baby vegatables popular?
Why does a stalk of celery wilt when placed in a glass of salt water?
Why is meat important for your body?
Why do bodies need salt?
Why do people eat sweets?
Why can teachers chew gum in school?
Why is the German apple cake traditional?
Why are chickens made?
Why does tin foil make fruit ripen faster?
Why do you leave a hot soup on the table to cool for a bit then you came back and see it got decreased?
Why are modern products important?
Why are foods fortified?
Why do you have different cultures of food?
Why is it important to cut the cake?
Why is cooking quicker in pressure cooker?
Why is it good to eat heathy?
Why is water used to cook?
Why do different cuts of meat require different ways of cooking?
Why is milk sometimes pasteurzed?
Why are orange peels flammable?
Why is cafeteria food digusting?
Why is it good for your body to get plenty of rest good food lots of water and exersise?
Why does sugar turn yellow when cooked?
Why cant you cook Pop Tarts with the wrapper on?
Why do you think?
Why did the egg did not dissolve in the vinegar after 2 days?
Why do fresh foods go mouldy?
Why is there a wider range of bread products today?
Why do certain foods make lights glow?
Why do foods have to be digested before entering a cell?
Why is pasta and pizza considered staples?
Why is salt beneficial?
Why is there food for some and not enough for others in the world?
Why are grains important to your health?
Why do people put butter on bread and what is its purpose and origin?
Why does the air cell in the egg turn brown when cooked?
Why are people so passionat about food?
Why would a 5 year old stop eating solid foods?
Why is pizza a famous food in CT?
Why are foods like chicken parmesan made with mozzarella cheese and not parmesan?
Why might a substance taste sweet and have a negative response to benedicts test?
Why are egg whites sticky in hair?
Why is pie never advertised in the Super Bowl?
Why does coconut flesh taste like saltwater?
Why are cookies used?
Why does a mperson eat salad?
Why is Peter Pan so small and up in the corner on the peanut butter label?
Why is the steak test useful?
Why do you need to eat cheese?
Why does homemade uncooked pasta turn green?
Why is peanut butter considered to be American?
Why do green gages go brown when cooked?
Why do peanuts burn?
Why is the Bermuda breakfast called the Bermuda breakfast?
Why do so many people use convenient food?
Why do people eat pancakes on pancake day?
Why is food preservation important?
Why does ketchup stain?
Why do people eat fastfood?
Why can Licking a spoon and putting it back into food cause food poisoning?
Why is cereal crunchy?
Why do so many children have autism?
Why are some fats solid at room temperature and others not?
Why do they grow fruits in saint Lucia?
Why are dried pastas and noodles sometimes preferred over fresh ones?
Why do your potatoes have blisters on them?
Why is glucose present in sugar?
Why do you eat pancakes?
Why do cooks wait to the last second to apply dressing to salad?
Why does an orange have skin?
Why is salt used?
Why is pancake day called that?
Why are cocoa beans processed in rich countries?
Why are fish and chip shops closed on Sundays?
Why are nuts good for you?
Why is a full bread loepard endanged?
Why is popcorn are favorite food?
Why does food sizzle when being cooked?
Why do people use animals for food?
Why did bacon and his men rebel?
Why is there a pancake day?
Why is it called pancake day?
Why is it easier to eat a grape than a saltine cracker?
Why are pine nuts so expensive?
Why do you genetically modify food?
Why are food short?
Why should use peeler to peel fruits and vegetable?
Why does ham turn brown?
Why is the milk tart important to south africans?
Why do people still see the pyramids?
Why is Dr pepper soft drink not sold in Australia any more?
Why is the commonly used term plant food misleading?
Why should cleaning supplies not be kept in the same cabinets with foods?
Why does it take longer to boil potatoes than it does to deep fry them?
Why do different types of meat taste so different?
Why will a person becomes thin after 2 weeks without foods?
Why is peanut butter so good?
Why are tacos important in Mexico?
Why is their no trace of ethanol in bread?
Why is salt used to make sugar syrup?
Why is it essential to use strong flour for breadmaking?
Why are cereals created?
Why does the Red Lobster on Hwy 520 in Merritt Island allow a waiter to work on Saturday nights under the influence of drugs so as to not be able to help wait on tables and with the manager knowing?
Why is John Mayer afraid of body hair?
Why are melons round?
Why do you have to bring liquids to the boil instead of just heating them?
Why is popcorn foamy?
Why do tomatoes have more seeds then apples?
Why do tomatoes have more seeds than apple?
Why is soup so great?
Why is peter pan so small and in the corner of the peanut butter jar?
Why does mentoes make diet coke explode?
Why did they start using bread boxes?
Why are fats solid?
Why are styrofoam peanuts attracted to a plastic tube?
Why does milk help tame hot peppers?
Why is moussaka a greek dish?
Why do you knead dough?
Why is it important to prove the dough after kneading?
Why are chickens green?
Why does fresh food last longer than junk food?
Why do plant foods contain starch?
Why are cookies delicious?
Why are color additives used in foods?
Why is food production increasing because of world population increase?
Why does butter turned dark yellow?
Why is called the ballpen?
Why are grains important for us?
Why do chips contain fat?
Why do hot dogs float?
Why does butter turn dark yellow?
Why do you use spinach in pasta dough?
Why is the onion mixture processed through the blender?
Why do potatoes become soft when boiled?
Why do watermelons have a lot of seeds?
Why does V8 tomato juice taste so bad?
Why is bread good for society?
Why is the sell by date on foods?
Why do you use glycerin in cake icing?
Why is powdered egg used in commercial food manufacture?
Why are legumes included in the protein group?
Why did the French lose the US support during the French Revolution?
Why do mcdonalds spit in burgers?
Why do cucumbers wilt in salt water?
Why should you keep your fingers out of a pickle jar?
Why do foods containing acid have a sour taste?
Why did Chef Boyardee immigrate to America?
Why is ranch very disgusting?
Why do chefs truss poultry?
Why are the packaged Betty Crocker Mashed Potatoes not as good as they used to be?
Why did schools ban chewing gum?
Why are chicken eggs packaged in a dozen?
Why do potatoes stay good for a long time?
Why should people have manners?
Why did monks eat bread?
Why do your homade egg noodles turn a pea green when frozen are they still good?
Why is domestic still such a problem in Trinidad?
Why do people in lower world countrys eat stew?
Why are sausages healthy?
Why did cheese in daylight grow more mold than cheese in darkness?
Why do we have to cook?
Why do acids protects apples?
Why do human need food?
Why is it bad to consume too much starch?
Why is there an x on soda bread?
Why will a watermelon stay cool for a longer time than sandwiches when both are removed from a cooler on a hot day?
Why are salmon cans always smaller in diameter at the bottom and larger at the top?
Why do onions not make you teary when put in refrigerated?
Why are nutrients in food necessary?
Why do some athletes eat pasta the day before a competition?
Why does cake rise in the middle?
Why do children need carbohydrates in their diet?
Why do some potatoes turn sweet?
Why is it that genetically modified products harmful to environment?
Why do they need iron in cereal?
Why is pizza so well known around the world?
Why did cook effect the world?
Why are you feeling funny after a glass of hot milk?
Why do unpeeled eggs crack when boiled?
Why isopropanol added to onion liquid?
Why would someone care?
Why dont people make pizza air fresheners?
Why is it called penut butter if theres no butter?
Why does sugar free make bigger bubbles?
Why does sick always have carrot in it?
Why does the cooking water for pasta have to be constantly boiling?
Why is modern technology important in food production?
Why is the lettuce dipped in salt water twice?
Why does food need to stand after cooking in a microwave?
Why will a watermelon stay cool for a longer time than a sandwiches when both objects are removed from a cooler on a hot day?
Why is pasta an ideal food for athletics?
Why do microbes in yogurt drinks not work until digested?
Why do we have ugly dogs in our economy?
Why do people eat hot cross buns in nowadays?
Why are meat poultry eggs fish and dairy products high risk foods?
Why is fried chicken so delicious?
Why does cheese reak?
Why can an egg white trap so much air?
Why are some fats solid at room temperature?
Why do bananas taste so good?
Why does a hot dog take longer to cook then a marshmallow?
Why is it important to soak beans?
Why are different colors of food important?
Why do you get blood spots in eggs?
Why are raisins important?
Why is doritos nacho cheese so good?
Why do same people get addicted to pop or other caffeine related things?
Why is salad the most favorite food in Israel?
Why are Australian foods Australian?
Why do you need to have some fats and oils?
Why are your meatballs tough?
Why are do the government make food companies put what foods contain on labels?
Why do you need carbohydrates in your diets?
Why is an orange the color orange?
Why are prairies called the bread baskets of the world?
Why are standard components important when manufacturing products?
Why is my potato a taco?
Why are some hard boiled eggs hard to peel?
Why do cucumbers make you belch?
Why are dinner plates round and not square?
Why do you scald milk and not boil it?
Why does mould grow on white bread in different environments?
Why are there unpopped popcorn kernels?
Why does microwave popcorn make more than stove top?
Why are whole grain foods healthy?
Why are some oranges sweet and some oranges watery?
Why do people eat sea salt?
Why do food have different colors?
Why does salt make the water hotter?
Why does a green banana and an apple ripens faster?
Why do people eat too much food?
Why is food in the world?
Why are some shrimp after cooked have a very mushy texture?
Why did the grape pickers go on strike?
Why is food foody?
Why is there a srving size on food labels?
Why do people fry chicken?
Why did your potatoes turn brown when you peeled them?
Why do eople eat takis?
Why does coke explode with mints?
Why was bread lines important to history?
Why do you have food groups?
Why is kale so awesome?
Why is cooking easy?
Why do you cry when you are near raw onions?
Why did Jonah go to Tarsus?
Why is brown eggs brown?
Why do cooking times vary at different altitudes?
Why does eating food make people feel good?
Why are bbq tools made from stainless steel?
Why are you pouring boiled water on the hen?
Why is pickled onion funny?
Why did paula dean divorce?
Why is peanut butter older than your grandpa?
Why is the pickling jar with homemade dill pickles bubbling inside?
Why are turkey breasts sliced and fanned out when presenting them on a platter?
Why is Chinese foods important?
Why should people wory about what they eat?
Why would modified food starch be in orange juice?
Why is a taco called a taco?
Why are strawberries false fruit?
Why does custard powder start off pink and then turn yellow when water is added?
Why is EDAM cheese the most unusual kind of cheese?
Why is your cooked roast is slimy on the bottom?
Why did the potatoes argue all the time?
Why is a peeled orange heavier than an unpeeled orange?
Why do people eat garlic?
Why does table salt dissolve in water but not cooking oil?
Why is brunch typically on Sunday?
Why is it important that you accurately weigh and measure ingredient?
Why is there only 25 percent of sodium in table salt?
Why is the temperature of the little bit of soup in the spoon the same as the temperature of the soup in the bowl?
Why does sour candy make your jaw hurt?
Why does you talks like dat?
Why is the name hamburger the way it is?
Why do fats stay in the stomach the longest?
Why is corn in mixed vegetables if corn is a fruit?
Why did gennaro lombardi decide to make pizza?
Why was meat singled out?
Why can game fowl be undercooked but not chicken?
Why does Orville Redenbacker popcorn pop the fastest?
Why does rice taste sweet when chewed?
Why were there in the 16th century a lot of fat people?
Why is fish eaten on goodfriday?
Why do you use dark pans for baking pizza rather than light pans?
Why does popcorn dry your lips?
Why is salt used to flavor foods?
Why does a strawberry mold faster than cheese when cheese is mostly made out of mold?
Why does sugar make gum last so long?
Why is origami sushi?
Why is sugar a good preservitive?
Why did the finger get burned?
Why did the upper class French fight against the lower clas French in the French revolution?
Why does your mac n cheese taste burned?
Why is milk mold bad and blue cheese mold good?
Why do you coat flour on the meat when making beef stew?
Why do your faces flush noses run and eyes water when you eat hot spicy foods?
Why did china give pizza to Italy?
Why does less surface tension help water boil?
Why do eggs get hard when cooked?
Why do eggs crack when boiled?
Why is Roasted chicken green inside?
Why would us use dairy products?
Why is lemonade a juice?
Why does cold milk curdle with cold water but it doesnt with hot water?
Why did men put Olive oil on their body before contests?
Why is white onion sauce called soubise sauce?
Why would any one want to know this?
Why should you eat balance meat?
Why is olive loaf made of strawberry jam?
Why is a potato not part of your five a day?
Why is the fruit always at the bottom of the yogurt tub?
Why are preservatives now added to foods?
Why does it take less time for water to boil when sugar is added?
Why would a fried egg turn black?
Why would you smell fried potatoes that are not there?
Why do your cookies always come out fluffy?
Why does lemonaid and a PEANUT EXplod?
Why is smoking unhealthly?
Why does jam turn homemade bread green?
Why does the oil float to the top rather than the spaghetti sauce?
Why are PEZ an important invention?
Why do people eat potatoes?
Why do mentoes and coke explodes?
Why is salad healthy for your body?
Why is a hamburger called a hamburget?
Why is miso soup so important to the japonese?
Why is ham pink but pork is white?
Why do people eat chips?
Why does mold grow on cheddar cheese?
Why is food good?
Why do people eat dessert even when they are full?
Why do peanuts have oil?
Why do you think Canadians should have the choice to pick genetically modified food?
Why do its leaves turn pink when the celery stalk is placed in red water?
Why does your white homemade bread have such a thick crust?
Why is a soup spoon round and a desert spoon oval?
Why is oil used in dough making?
Why is fire important for cooking?
Why does oil run off of flour?
Why is so much salt added to processed foods and why is sugar added to savoury processed foods?
Why is flavoring used in food?
Why is yummy in your tummy makes you fell all bubbly inside but why?
Why is pizza tasty?
Why does all smoked meat turn black?
Why is fried chicken soggy?
Why is popcorn so puffy?
Why are pomegranates organic?
Why would you choose Mexico to cook a dish?
Why do parsnips need to be cooked?
Why cant they eat beef?
Why do you always sweat after eating non spicy food?
Why do sausages burst when frying?
Why does the inside of an egg get solid when you hard boil an egg?
Why do you shake the bag when making homemade ice cream?
Why do the new buds drop off tomato plants?
Why should a runner drink glucose instead of pasta?
Why do people eat tortilla wraps instead of normal bread?
Why do people crave oranges?
Why cant Indians eat meat?
Why is zinc important to the human body?
Why did pirates eat salty bread and ham?
Why are weiners so tasty?
Why do teenagers dislike poetry?
Why does your urine smell like cheerios after you eat cheerios?
Why does warm soda go flat more quickly than cold soda?
Why is ground beef called hamburger?
Why should people buy organic foods to save the planet?
Why do you have an expiry date on sour cream if it alresdy sour?
Why do you add sugar to egg white foam?
Why cant you eat 6 crackers with out a drink of water?
Why would lecithin in egg yolk be more useful than a triacyglycerol in the emulsification of oil and water in the preparation of mayonnaise?
Why are you feeling sick and wanting to eat savoury foods all the time?
Why do people eat when they are sad?
Why does a cooked onion taste sweet?
Why is a pickle called a pickle and not a pickled cucumber?
Why do people eat to much?
Why did church of desert was the nickname for San Diego?
Why do you not serve fresh chives with your baked potatoes?
Why do you use ice and salt to make ice cream?
Why do vegatables contain starch?
Why does cooking oil turn white when frozen?
Why would you even consider doing away with your Angel Food Cake?
Why do fruits ripen faster when in a plastic bag?
Why is food labeled per 100g?
Why do raspberries mold so fast?
Why is whole wheat better the white bread?
Why is cooking chemistry?
Why do cookie pieces sink in bottom of your cake?
Why is staphlococcus a contaminant of ham?
Why are small potatoes bitter and burn the throat?
Why do small potatoes burn the throat?
Why is it necessary to remove all the white pith before segmenting?
Why did the medieval eat roasted apples?
Why is olive oil so important?
Why dont you blanch bones for brown stocks?
Why is coco colo pop a soda?
Why has pasta become popular?
Why does sticking a metal skewer through a potato make it cook faster?
Why do people eat multiculuarelism food?
Why does nutraSweet loses its sweetness when heated and cannot be used in cooking?
Why are the guards in the UK called beef eaters?
Why does the food pyramid change?
Why is a microwave not suitable for cooking gingerbread?
Why does flour cookies burn more than cake powder cookies?
Why are you considered heinz variety animals?
Why are carrots sweet?
Why is cooking oil so expensive in south africain compare to international rates prevailing today?
Why does Sasuke like tomatoes so much?
Why do food chains and food webs start with a green plant?
Why is a orange the color orange?
Why do flowers not turn to nuts in coconut palm?
Why do you think the men only thought of bread?
Why have the no smoking symbols?
Why did brazilians want to build a dam to force the kayapo Indians off their land?
Why is it best to heat a kettle from underneath?
Why are there stones in with split peas?
Why should the oven be set at the proper temperatures while a cake is baking?
Why is an orange sour?
Why is ham so salty?
Why is grammar and speeling such a phail at dis hur website?
Why does the meat of a roasted chicken thigh have more calories than the meat of a raw chicken thigh?
Why should food be dry when you deep fry it?
Why do people eat multiculter food?
Why can you put metal or aluminum in a cooking oven?
Why does most people like to cook?
Why does eating healthy foods help manage stress?
Why did your toast get burntbecause you left it in the oven to long?
Why does my barbecue not get hot enough?
Why does L eat sweets?
Why should fillets be used?
Why do people modify foods?
Why are milk and dairy foods important to your diet?
Why is twiztid having a beef with anybody killa?
Why would you not take the sausages for energy on a walk?
Why is hexane used to make cooking oils?
Why are you hungry every 2 hours?
Why are Meats good for you?
Why should you always wash your hands before you cook?
Why do you cook differently at higher altitudes?
Why do people not have enough time for a home cooked meal?
Why do milk boil over onto the stove?
Why is marinating food important?
Why are sausages called snags?
Why does food taste different?
Why is the leaningtower of pizza learning?
Why is chicken noodle soup good for you?
Why do some of your ex boyfriends want you back after they sleep with your best friend?
Why is mac annd cheese so tasty?
Why are bread wrapper twist ties fastened counter clockwise?
Why are all stores selling fat free beans?
Why is it not possible to get onto James Martin Chef website now I have been able to get onto the site until a few weeks ago can anyone help?
Why do the oranges become wrinkle after 2 weeks?
Why did Trix cereal change their cereal piece shapes?
Why is Steam heating better then hot water heating?
Why do tomatoes grow so well in South Jersery?
Why do you crave dried pasta?
Why is your yellow squash turning green spotted and hard?
Why does yellow squash turning hard?
Why are some foods baked?
Why is it important for men to know cooking?
Why do cake mixes fall when baked?
Why do pinto beans make you frat?
Why is it necessary to rotate stock?
Why does Canada import rice?
Why do you need to introduce semi solid foods to infant?
Why does Robert Sherman Nix III think Polish people are so sweet he just does he does not know why?
Why are diet foods different then reguar food?
Why do you add vinegar to noodles?
Why is sushi popular?
Why do people like the taste of sausage rolls?
Why is silicon dioxide used in PAM baking spray?
Why do potatoes turn gray after cooking?
Why do potatoes turn bluish gray after cooking?
Why is angelfood cake called angelfood?
Why are convenience foods more expensive than homemade foods?
Why are salads useful to us?
Why should you wash your hands before prepareing foods?
Why is it called nubi frozen yogurt?
Why should ground beef products be more thoroughly cooked then others?
Why is grass not edible?
Why does pineapple make gelatin liquefy faster?
Why do salt water affect potatoes?
Why are squash plants turning yellow?
Why are pork and beans red?
Why is local produce less durable?
Why does my asparagus shrivel up when I pickle it?
Why did jack worry about Sunday dinners?
Why did the salt water froze first?
Why do you need sand when you roast chestnut?
Why do cooked food contains starch?
Why is evapourated milk still commercially made?
Why does the wall mart in chambersburg pa have to raise there prices a lot higher than the other wall mart in the area?
Why do they call a bbq bostin butt a bbq bostin butt?
Why do they call pork shoulder Boston Butt?
Why is communication important if your a chef?
Why do ripples occur when heat rises?
Why is pizza eaten world wide?
Why is it that alpha radiation has a higher quality factor?
Why does licorice make your bowels move?
Why do you like this job in cooking?
Why should junk food be served at school?
Why does mozzarella cheese mold fast?
Why were many of the Native American tribes more inclined to side with the French in the French and Indian War?
Why did curry develop?
Why is Kuru fasulye so popular in turkey and what is its significance?
Why does cold temperature bread start to mold?
Why does mergunie slide off cream pie when you cut it?
Why is it not possible for water to be used when a pan of cooking oil catches fire?
Why is baking a loaf a bread so difficult for you?
Why can not use micro waves for drying in organic products?
Why is sugar important in a cake?
Why does my meatloaf burn around the bottom?
Why are oranges called oranges and why are bananas not called yellows?
Why is cheese cloth called cheese cloth?
Why is frozen corn texture different from fresh corn texture?
Why are chestnuts fried together with small stones?
Why do most indigenous cultures such as first nations people view hunting as a important part of their life despite the fact that most are now able to purchase all their foods at grocery stores?
Why does your mouth water when you smell food?
Why should you not take sausages for energy on a walk?
Why do people eat out?
Why are hot dogs yellow?
Why was the Roman dinner the main meal?
Why is a potato called a spud?
Why does striking a metal skewer through the middle of a potato make it cook faster?
Why cant babies eat baby food at 4 months?
Why is pepperjack cheese not a type of cheddar cheese?
Why is refried beans called refried?
Why is the hamburger most popular in the US?
Why does the body need healthy foods?
Why are meat products so important?
Why does every thing taste like chicken?
Why are peanut M and Ms good?
Why would you?
Why is your popcorn tough?
Why do fried eggs turn white as soon as they hit the pan?
Why did Robert Sherman Nix III author on mental peace state that you are your own physician or that if someone becomes your physicial they are liable for your life and death and afterlife?
Why does food stick to tin foil?
Why do people cut off the tips of green beans?
Why can local sourcing of ingredients be beneficial?
Why do manufacturers produce low fat products?
Why does the sugar in juice go up when it is frozen?
Why does strong flour have fibre in it?
Why cant you do the hall of meat glitch?
Why is sugar and oxygen important?
Why do resturants include pasta on their menu?
Why does sugar and juice separate when it is frozen?
Why does Mexico take food so seriously?
Why do you want to work for hot dog on a stick?
Why is balsamic vinegar good for you?
Why do you need healthy foods in your body?
Why should you have more of some food types than others?
Why is it proper to move the spoon away from your body while eating soup?
Why have you leaves but not not many potatoes?
Why does the first pancake always die?
Why is it easier to compress solid like bread in a tiffin than liquid?
Why should you check the load prior to maneuver?
Why is that green olives have to be in potato salad?
Why do peanuts look funny?
Why do you need onion?
Why is there so many cheeses?
Why are athlets not given sugar but corbohydrates?
Why are junk food ads good?
Why would you wonder this?
Why do you cook kidney beans?
Why do you have to cook Kidney beans?
Why is a peppermint candy called a peppermint?
Why do food need ingredients?
Why do you add butter to homemade jam?
Why are the deep fried food material carcinogenic?
Why are quebecois called peppers?
Why would the south beach diet say do not eat watermelon?
Why does a creme caramel from crack?
Why does pizza taste better cold?
Why is condensed soup kept in a metal can?
Why does cooking oil separate when frozen?
Why would you crave spinach?
Why are noodles green?
Why are emulsfiers added to foods?
Why is your chicken purple?
Why do you cook play dough?
Why is a hamburger not made from ham?
Why should red and yellow bell peppers be used in various salads?
Why were certain foods not rationed?
Why did they eat more?
Why did Europeans begin growing the potato after sailors brought it from the Americas?
Why was junk food banned from tuck shops?
Why would thriving plants in my vegetable garden now look like cooked spinach?
Why is being a chef important?
Why is healthful food more expensive than junk food?
Why do people preserve foods?
Why do holidaymakers want to buy food they had on holiday?
Why do people eat fish that kill you this does happen?
Why are there bubbles coming out of your eggs?
Why were pencils made in their original hexagonal shape?
Why can you smell food in another room when sombody is cooking what is this called?
Why does white bread give you a burst of energy?
Why does hot oil in a pan look wrinkly?
Why is virgin coconut oil virgin?
Why do you dock some rolled pastry sheet?
Why is oil used in cooking?
Why does homemade bread begin to taste like alcohol?
Why did your pancake separate after cooking?
Why is it important foods are thoroughly cooked when boiling steaming and poaching?
Why does roast beef turn green?
Why is cooking foods in season a consideration when meal planning?
Why is it dangerous to keep a dustbin lid open in a cooking area?
Why are the jacket the chef where are white?
Why are sweet things bad for you?
Why do the bananas get washed before shipping?
Why are Tortillas triangular?
Why are bottom of cooking utensils black is end?
Why do tomatoes get spoilt faster than rice?
Why are not an even number of slices in roman meal 12grain bread?
Why does people like to eat?
Why does a lobster have to be alive before cooking it?
Why does Germany have the best selling sausages?
Why is champaqne ham called that?
Why do we need to know the 3 components of foods?
Why do you need dairy foods?
Why are sulfur and cream of tarter tablets no longer available?
Why is Lemon pickle is not stored in aluminium containers?
Why is junk food bad for younge people?
Why is having food in the classrooms good?
Why are there only seven hot dogs in a pack of Hebrew nationals?
Why are things gentically modified?
Why are lawyers important for business?
Why is beef gravy served instead of chicken gravy on your buffet?
Why are healthy foods important?
Why are you able to foresee the effects of history to our present condition with regards to hosting and organizing a banquet?
Why are your stored potatoes soft?
Why are cream liqueurs packaged in dark bottles?
Why was bread stolen from the romes?
Why do you need to avoid certain foods like garlic when doing a saliva specimen?
Why is food is important?
Why can some people not taste celery?
Why do you need study values?
Why are the Leaf edges turning black then turn yellow on my potted tomato plant?
Why are you not able to taste salt?
Why is there a need for communication research?
Why are cucumbers bigger than pickles?
Why is it important to prepare foods cooked in a healthy way?
Why is purchasing is considered a fundamental ingredients in menu planning?
Why does your milk based soup look clabbered?
Why is some meat cryovac packed?
Why do English people eat pigs when pigs give you swine flu?
Why is antipaso a tradtional food?
Why do europeans eat salads at the end of the meal?
Why is cooking oil so thick?
Why are kidney tubules lined with cilia?
Why should food materials be kept covered during the fermentation and pickling period?
Why are mcdonalds chips so nice?
Why does yogurt have a clear fluid on the top layer?
Why do people eat food to live?
Why does fast food taste so much better then home cooking?
Why is your body butter mildewing?
Why did Padma Lakshmi leave Top Chef?
Why do you use wheat for biscuits?
Why do soildiers in basic training eat a lot of peanut butter?
Why have they changed?
Why are heinz baked beans famous in wigan?
Why did smoking start?
Why does dengue affects tropical country?
Why does your brother love ketchup chips?
Why is kettle corn so freaking awesome?
Why is it important to document everything in a patients record?
Why do want to work for Boston pizza?
Why are shots fried as the groom leaves the house?
Why do home grown tomatoes ripen before they get very big?
Why are hens and fowls not roasted in commercial kitchens?
Why are chicken fingers called chicken fingers?
Why do you digest meat quicker than you do vegetables?
Why do food taste different?
Why is cooked food digestible than raw food?
Why does food coloring change the taste of food?
Why are dairy foods essential to you?
Why is grape jelly never made from green grapes?
Why is it so dangerous for foods to be in the danger zone?
Why does corn on the cob spin in boiling water?
Why do people pound meat before being cooked?
Why should you buy free range meat?
Why do people eat lots of bread in Germany?
Why does bread turn mouldy?
Why did your bread sink in the middle?
Why are there structures found on the potatoes and ginger?
Why is pastry tough and hard?
Why do spaghetti noodles look whole after they have been thrown up?
Why is there hardly any fresh fish for sale in Welsh seaside towns as there is on the continent something the tourist expects?
Why do you feel sick after eating breakfast?
Why was French fries named French fries?
Why are the bell peppers dry rotting?
Why does yoke go to center when boiling an egg?
Why are hamburgers and fries unhealthy?
Why is gastronomy considered an art?
Why is the red part on a plum so sour?
Why is food grade ink required to print on egg shells?
Why is food grade ink required to code on egg shells?
Why do we taste food at the end of baking?
Why is the pork chops sticky?
Why does the body need Staple food?
Why is the the visual appeal of foods particularly significant for people aged over seventy?
Why has pasta become more popular?
Why is it ok to cook duck breast rare when poltry is supposed to be cooked well done?
Why are there no sesame seeds on hot dog buns?
Why do smoking stink?
Why is the breast section so often dry when whole chicken are roaste?
Why are chestnut fried together with small stones?
Why do you use chemical additives?
Why would the white part of a boiled egg be dark?
Why does the breading come loose from the meat?
Why are sub sandwhiches called submarine sandwhiches?
Why is the go foods important?
Why do you nitrogen pack nuts?
Why does Japanese eat uncooked foods?
Why does ice cream look like cream?
Why does all foods taste like salt?
Why does your blood have too much salt?
Why do chicken have black and white meat?
Why do cooking direction on packages advice different timing to be followed in some location?
Why are pizzas called pies?
Why dont Kellogg cereal use zip lining?
Why are your green peppers growing half black?
Why is there jello at salad bars?
Why are two cooks better than one?
Why is preheating is necessary when baking?
Why do you believe night Manager position is suitable for me in hospitality industry?
Why is temperature important in vegetable production?
Why cant you have pizza aprons its not fair for other people who dont have one?
Why does tomato plant wilt during day kind of recover during night?
Why does butter become transparent when melted it?
Why do environmental scientists favor the term food web oppose to food chain?
Why does whipped cream go water after one use?
Why does whipped cream go watery after one use?
Why will soaking the potatoes in cold water before putting in the oven effect the crispyness?
Why are foods fads and crash diets dangerous to your present and future health?
Why do you feel thirsty after eating roast?
Why did Nabisco stop making Royal Lunch Crackers?
Why is a kipper called a kipper?
Why do new potatoes boil to the water?
Why do boiled eggs stink?
Why do you select fresh foods?
Why are beef eaters called thet?
Why is there a disclaimer on dried beans?
Why are your tomatoes developing a dry brown scarring on spots?
Why is it important to defrost a chicken thoroughly before cooking it?
Why do the homos eat poop instead of regular food?
Why is a chicken leg called a drumstick?
Why do watermelon have so many seeds?
Why is caramel sticky?
Why do you soak pickles in brine?
Why do Ball Park Franks plump when you cook them?
Why does smoking exist?
Why is milk good for spicy food?
Why has my garlic turned green when i put it in white wine vinegar?
Why is Zingermans Deli in NYC considered special?
Why is viniger added to noodles?
Why do visiters going to the north pole or south pole must carry green vegetables and fruit juices with them why is this necessary?
Why do pain au chocolat make you sneeze?
Why is blood present in uncooked food?
Why is there a chicken festival?
Why are salty food not good to eat?
Why do French eat salad after main course?
Why are grape leafs good for making dill pickles?
Why should tomatoes be served at room temperature?
Why does Andrew Zimmerman like to eat anything that probably tastes really bad?
Why did coconut become a staple food?
Why do you feel tired after drinking?
Why do you mix egg and ricotta for lasagna?
Why are spinach leaves placed in boiling water?
Why do they eat red hot peppers?
Why do they put sticker on fruit?
Why do peppers float?
Why does fish tast so nice?
Why is Haier freezer amber light in front not on?
Why would the bottoms of tomatoes be rotten?
Why does a watermelon float in water?
Why do you feel giddy after eating something very spicy?
Why does ham package fill up with air?
Why does something turn black when it burns?
Why are onions so horrible tasting?
Why does salt deacres the temprature of ice?
Why do you sweat when you see spicy food?
Why do you get more energy when you eat a vegetable salad than when you eat an equivalent serving of fried chicken?
Why is lasagna so yummy?
Why are eggplant called eggplant?
Why are farinaceous products cooked?
Why does gross profit decline?
Why have my potatoes grown huge top growth but very few potatoes?
Why do ball park franks plump when cook them?
Why is small of big cook little cook small?
Why does minced meat have to be cooked thoroughly?
Why do your tomatoes have brown spots on them?
Why does eating variety of foods can cause stomache?
Why do people thaw stuff in cold water instead of hot water?
Why is American bread sweeter than what I am used to in Ireland and England?
Why does wine in a marinade tenderize meat?
Why is corned beef sold in Britain imported from Argentina?
Why would you crave raw potatoes?
Why is the soup served before the dinner?
Why are you nauseated after breakfast?
Why was the price of a pint of milk in September 1964?
Why do you grind the onion chunks with the pestle and mortar to a mash?
Why does pizza make us fat?
Why do microorganisms grow on your food?
Why cany you get browns best pinto beans in PrattKs?
Why does mayonnaise not come together?
Why do you get a stomach ache when you eat blueberries?
Why is the three bract onion rare?
Why is white bread so unhealthy?
Why do ice cream shell toppings harden so fast?
Why do people eat Foxes?
Why do the eggs have green color when cooked?
Why does the frog lay such a big number of eggs?
Why is the book Drangonsdale 3 not available in English?
Why do these different starches exhibit different properties?
Why does your torque on demand light flash on your 2000 Axiom?
Why is yogurt so expensive?
Why does bread float and stone does not?
Why was Boz Scaggs not on Fried Dynamite?
Why is protein food popular?
Why do people hate vegetables?
Why do girls burp?
Why do some people tolerate spicy food better than others?
Why does food not go down the wrong way?
Why does heated milk taste sweet?
Why did you stop making Best Hot Dogs?
Why do smaller sugar crystals dissolve faster than bigger sugar crystals?
Why is it so hard to find Longhorn cheese at gro stores?
Why do people put salt on watermelon?
Why is scout dressed like a ham?
Why was cook so well regarded?
Why are cooking pans made of aluminum not of wood?
Why are logical and effective work flow procedures necessary in the hospitality industry?
Why is it so difficult to buy unsalted pork?
Why is sugar packed in bags?
Why is onion called onion?
Why was salt used in food?
Why is banana called as a herb?
Why does color separate from icing?
Why is called a ny strip steak?
Why does a chef wear a hat?
Why do previously healthy tomato plants suddenly die?
Why is swordfish a table fish but not blue marlin?
Why is salt free butter better for you than normal butter?
Why did free settlers come to Australia?
Why do you want to know that?
Why does your turkey sausage have veins?
Why do pancakes separate?
Why are your butternut squash busting open?
Why is meat and vegetables the most eaten Australian meal?
Why is a roast dinner the 2nd most cooked meal in Australia?
Why do people buy bagels?
Why is a marrow a vegetable?
Why does microwave popcorn sometimes taste moldy?
Why would the water in canned grean beans turn cloudy?
Why is it said fl leads in beef production?
Why is tumeric brown or yellow?
Why is the breast section so dry when whole chicken are roasted?
Why do they put grains in brown bread?
Why is Idaho good at growing potatoes?
Why do peppers die?
Why does your cake shrink?
Why do I have burning in my left arm and left leg?
Why was pizza created?
Why was city pizza on the south wales echo?
Why are cocktails more potent than regular drinks?
Why does spinach go black when cooked?
Why do you add eggs to pasta dough?
Why should school canteens only sell healthy foods?
Why do foods naturaly have a high sugar level?
Why is it important to served a dessert at the end of the meal?
Why is Pie Austrlian food?
Why does bread stick to the roof of your mouth?
Why would I?
Why do you need to expose the legumes to longer sunlight?
Why does nat eat padwack?
Why dont propane exchange cabnets not fill 20 pound bottles?
Why is Ada unable to cook?
Why are aluminium foils are used to wrap foods?
Why are cooking utensils provided with wooden handles?
Why do hotdogs come in twelves and buns come in eights?
Why do people use oranges in auto erotic asphyixiation?
Why does food taste better when it can be smelled?
Why are your red tomatoes green on top?
Why do you cook meat immediately after using mccormick tenderizer?
Why do fried foods turn golden brown?
Why do you need to do a packet meal?
Why do some chicken bleed when you fry it?
Why is fried food bad for health?
Why dosent your ice cream freeze?
Why does your ham tastle like paracetemol?
Why do some people practice cannibalism?
Why is food so interesting looking?
Why do you crave pickles and olives?
Why did your cheese separate from your macaroni and cheese casserole?
Why is tomato ketchup called ketchup and not sauce?
Why does organic milk in plastic bottles taste funny but it is good from a carton?
Why is food banned in a laboratory?
Why do different animals eat different kind of foods?
Why should liquid from cooking vegetables be used in preparing other dishes?
Why can you use potatoes as food but not wood?
Why do people eat and drink lollies?
Why is it harder to get a cart full of potatoes moving than a one that is empty?
Why is it called a triple bean balance?
Why do mints make everything else seem colder then they are?
Why doesnt the UK sell cinamen pretzels?
Why does mositure content of beef change throughout the year?
Why are tough cuts of meat used in stew?
Why do blueberry muffins rise?
Why do you have to cook chicken thoroughly?
Why would butter form on top of batch during production?
Why is it that one of the most important problems of homemakers is meal planning?
Why doesnt vinegar affect the osmosis of potatoes?
Why did carrots originate?
Why is nissin Noodles from Asia not sold in the US?
Why do mist breakfast cereals contain little fibre?
Why did the waitor put rubber bands in the soup?
Why is thoroughly cooked meat and poultry sometimes pink?
Why does Microwave spark when no metal is in the oven?
Why does zucchini bread deflate after baking?
Why do humans and animals need to eat food?
Why does grape powerade turn blue when you shake it?
Why is chicken breast yellow sometimes?
Why do you say working for peanuts?
Why do they call it hamburger when its beef?
Why is the potato different from other veggies?
Why would cucumber become crisp when soaked in salt solution?
Why is cooked fruit not as sweet tasting?
Why do you charge one dollar for a pack of red pepper when ordering a large pizza?
Why is Bread given for a housewarming gift and what other gifts are given?
Why is butter difficult to store and transport in hot weather?
Why does unhealthy food lead up to cancer and obiesity?
Why do you need to tie up a roast?
Why are bananas the best fruit for men?
Why would you want to make your own vinegar?
Why should you warm the food?
Why is breakfast eggs and pork?
Why are frozen food bags expanded?
Why do spicy foods give you gas?
Why do you cook food in metallic utensils?
Why is a spring roll wrapper made from tapioca flour and not fice flour?
Why does egg whites consider as acid?
Why do people eat lolly pops?
Why are sweetners important in muffins?
Why did you add salt to your water?
Why do eggs get mushy?
Why is a banana dancing in peanut butter jelly time?
Why is it that you only like to eat junk foods and not the same food which is home made?
Why is cereal considered a dry good?
Why is beetroot only scrubbed clean and not peeled cut before cooking?
Why is salt necessary for pig roast?
Why are sicilian pizza round?
Why does a metal spoon freeze faster than a wooden spoon in a freezer?
Why did the vacuum cleaner eat your pizza?
Why does the vacuum cleaner eat your pizza?
Why do grass look green cucumber yellow and edible parts of watermelon red?
Why did your Jalapeno Pepper Jelly get too thick?
Why do peanuts go to the bottom and almonds stay on top when mixed together?
Why do people choose Macdonalds?
Why does the warning say to not thaw frozen pizza before cooking?
Why is bread light and spongy?
Why are there only three flavors of 5 gum in Australia?
Why do seeds contain food?
Why is salt pork salted?
Why would people want to go to Virginia in the 1800?
Why is meat coming out of your skin?
Why would granny suck eggs?
Why are the upper and lower epidermal cell on an onion different shapes?
Why do Filipinos eat so much spam and corn beef?
Why was Julia Child considered classical french?
Why do people need sugar?
Why does your body need food for?
Why do hampsers store food?
Why are thickeners used in food products?
Why is La Trinidad Valley called the salad bowl of the Philippines?
Why do you eat excess salt?
Why might customers be considered challenging?
Why do you use mesurements in cooking?
Why do people in Asia eat so much spicy food?
Why do men have to cook for the family?
Why does pasta float when it cooks?
Why do bananas gro pointing upward?
Why do you get hungry when you smell food?
Why do Indians eat spicy foods?
Why do women need dinner before?
Why did campbells soup at hand become invented?
Why do sugars not all taste the same?
Why does cayenne pepper have blood clotting properites?
Why did japan grow rice instead of potatoes and wheat?
Why is popcorn served in theatres?
Why is it not safe to have curd in dinner?
Why is some meat tough and some are tender?
Why do uncooked potatoes turn brown?
Why does ritz crackers not dissolve in oil?
Why do salt and sugar dissolve in water?
Why is bread so expensive?
Why is mint jelly served with lamb?
Why do you macerate fruit before making it jam?
Why are you farting alot?
Why do street foods have parasites?
Why is your mouth dry after eating salty foods?
Why does the summer sausage casing stick to the meat?
Why are you interested in this particular line of work in hot dog on a stick?
Why does it take so long for water to boil on your electric stove even though it does not take long for the stove to get hot enough yet only does this with electric stoves and not gas stoves?
Why does your urine come out in two streams?
Why does a can of whipped cream get watery?
Why would your asparagus beans not produce blossoms?
Why do people eat cow testicles?
Why does the soaked raisin go up and down in the carbonated water?
Why is there calcium carbonate in bread?
Why do you need to have bread cereals and potatoes?
Why do you not smell ice cream as well as you smell baking bread?
Why do toddlers not try food because of the way it looks?
Why does a person crave burnt foods?
Why did Johnny Appleseed wear a cooking pot on his head?
Why do people like chicken?
Why can ethane be described as a hydrocarbon?
Why are beef prices so hi?
Why do people like expensive food?
Why do people eat salad?
Why do they label certain foods grade a?
Why do people sweat when eating fruit?
Why does pasta turn red when it goes bad?
Why did milk become the state beverage of Pennsylvania?
Why can you not put a thermometer in the oven?
Why can you not use a thermometer in the oven?
Why does bread and pastry and vegetables make good edible casings?
Why is brown pasta healthier than white flour pasta?
Why do people tear their food apart?
Why is soy in mayonnaise?
Why do you need to limit sugar?
Why is salt not a liquid?
Why has driet coconut got more energy in it than dried potato?
Why is your homemade bread loaf so heavy?
Why do you cook food before eating it?
Why do people like peanut butter and jelly time?
Why do most people eat bread?
Why do you perserve food?
Why do you like to eat in fast food what are your demands?
Why does the face go blue and sweat and toes tighten when taken off of life support?
Why do bacon and eggs go together?
Why do sushi restaurants close on Sunday?
Why is Charles always in trouble?
Why is there meat?
Why do you eat white meat on good Friday?
Why can eating a large meal cause hot flushes?
Why is yeast used in cooking food?
Why is tin not safe for olive oil storage?
Why do eggs rot?
Why is it that an onion valule is so big?
Why do people eat giant pandas?
Why do fruits placed inside a cabinet ripen faster than if placed inside a refrigerator?
Why is popcorn unique?
Why does it take so long for grape juice to get cold?
Why does lasagna need eggs?
Why is Food tasting real salty to me?
Why do oranges split while still green?
Why are pinnaples yellow?
Why are cookers not made out of wood?
Why is sensory analysis used in manufacture of food?
Why is the cotyledon not needed once a bean plant matures?
Why do you add lemon juice to a fruit salad?
Why does your hamster have a lump underneath him?
Why does country needs to have a safety food?
Why is food so cutural?
Why does one crave meat?
Why have Chinese American been forced to cook in America?
Why do they call fig newtons fig newtons and not just newtons?
Why are donuts awesome?
Why are fast food companies making their food healthier?
Why does the same yogurt tastes more sour than usual?
Why should athletes eat starchy foods before a ball game?
Why do some yogurts contain starch?
Why is it more important to start each day with Breakfast than to end each day with dinner or supper?
Why doeas meat go mouldy?
Why is pasta good for vegetairians?
Why do tomatoes sink?
Why is food coloring added?
Why do some food get black spots when old?
Why do you need to eat oil?
Why do you have food chains?
Why does a sliced apple colour change when sliced?
Why do you heat oil before adding other ingredients like garlic or onions?
Why is oil better to fry with than butter?
Why is pasta so popular?
Why are Ohio buckeye nuts not edible?
Why do people use egg whites in drinks?
Why hasTrazine been taken out of most foods?
Why does aluminum foil stay cool in the oven?
Why should raw chicken be stored below raw beef?
Why is it important to cook foods at a high enough temperature?
Why is your popcorn green?
Why is eating junk food unhealthy?
Why do you use cream instead of milk when making butter?
Why is your zucchini bread still doughy?
Why is a salad a mixture and not a solution?
Why does Kashi cereal appeal to people?
Why would a potato need catalase?
Why does it take time for pumpkins to breed?
Why do Hungarians like paprika so much?
Why does pickels taste little lemons?
Why does beans start to taste like dirt when cooking them?
Why canned food may be rejected?
Why is there are vegetables that are bitter?
Why is meat so much more expensive than bread?
Why is bread left to prove in a warm place?
Why is it better to eat foods that release energy over a longer period?
Why does bread turn sweet in your mouth?
Why are salts used in the household?
Why do instant cereals require so little preparation time?
Why is potatoe a starch?
Why are the skins of potatoes considered to be good for us?
Why was tagliatelle and green pasta used in ragu?
Why will you cook for dinner tomorrow?
Why do you feel sick when you eat fatty foods?
Why do you get hungry faster if you take a shower immediately after a meal?
Why is braed cooked in a hot oven?
Why would there be over an inch of sand in the oven?
Why dont cooking pans rust?
Why are your 7 year old raspberry bushes moldy for the 1st time?
Why is tartrazine added to food?
Why is the end of the loaf of bread called a nobbie?
Why are you hungry when you have a cold?
Why is there an incline in food and drink?
Why do you prick sausages?
Why does yeast not produce carbon dioxide when put in the oven?
Why is it important to eat a variety of vegetables?
Why is it important to eat sugary foods?
Why are pasta sauces used?
Why do we depend on plants for the meat in your diets as well as for the vegetables?
Why does pasta hold its shape when cooked?
Why is an egg dissolved by vinegar?
Why is it sometimes said that the noodles in a noodle soup are actually a garnish?
Why are some noodles smooth?
Why is phosphate bad for dish detergents?
Why is salt always a component to olives?
Why is fish quicker to cook than meat?
Why are tomatoes basil olive oil and pork used?
Why is Spaghetti Bolognese special?
Why has tartazine been taken out of most foods?
Why is damascus steel good for chef knives?
Why is there so much air in potato chip bags?
Why is the Land of Lakes Creamery image an Indian maiden?
Why do different foods need to be stored differently?
Why did they stop making the McDLT?
Why do people think America is like a mixed salad?
Why is less time required to boil pasta in Denver Colorado than in New Orleans Missipssippi?
Why is starch preasent in some foods and not in ohers?
Why is poached eggs better than fried eggs?
Why is pasta considered to be a HEAITHY product?
Why does a carrot feel spongy after being soaked in salt?
Why does curry make your nose run?
Why is smart monkey foods website restricted?
Why is my kidney not shaped like a bean?
Why is onion fleshy?
Why do they package food?
Why did NativeAmerican farmers of the Northeast sometimes plant dead fish with their corn and squash seeds?
Why has forign foods more readily avalibile for us to eat food?
Why is the word cheese in cottage cheese?
Why is fast food accepted in are society today?
Why are cooking utensils mostly made of copper and aluminum?
Why would you crave bacon and ice all the time?
Why is that you still get treat that whay?
Why do a potato chip burns in flame?
Why does josh arcari like pasta?
Why do you not have to devein steamed shrimp?
Why is potato used in fish pie?
Why does lunchmeat get slimey?
Why are salt and pepper usually handed together?
Why does cornstarch form paste when mixed with water?
Why did he ignore me when i asked him over for dinner?
Why were french frys invented?
Why was salt valuable?
Why does foods stored at room temperature quickly spoils than those stored at the refrigerator?
Why are photosynthesizers the foundation for all food chains food webs and food pyramids?
Why do you think each longhouse had a central area with shared cooking fires?
Why does a food chain end?
Why is Bill Ham famous?
Why is salt used in foods?
Why are raisins called raisins?
Why is ice cream boneless?
Why was the salisbury steak renamed to hamburger?
Why is quorn more popular than tivall?
Why is wash systerm used in salads?
Why are sage leaves added to stews?
Why do foods that have more solutes in them tend to rehydrate better than those that do not?
Why do foods with more solutes rehydrate better?
Why do potatoes contain more catalase than apples?
Why did the oil smoke when I was making deep fried chicken wings?
Why do boiled egg whites become clear solutions again once you cool them down?
Why is milk processed before drinking?
Why is condensation reaction important?
Why is sulfur dioxide needed?
Why was wheat and barley important to mesopotamian culture?
Why did the Germans invent potato salad?
Why do salt shakers always have one hole?
Why is salt used in road marker?
Why are your organically grown yellow squash and zucchini tasteless?
Why is it not advisable to drink juice if you are hyper acidic?
Why can natural gas for cooking and heating be delivered to homes through pipes?
Why do you know that management practice in beef fattening?
Why is there two buttons on a chef coat?
Why is it necessery for food to be digested?
Why are cereals important foods?
Why is salt used in food?
Why has seven eleven chosen offside preparation of fresh foods and subsequent delivery to stores?
Why is cobalt used to in fish filet?
Why do some foods stay hot longer than others?
Why are plants selectively bread?
Why is a Scottish sandwich called a piece?
Why are there holes on the cover of the food container?
Why are corn pringles discontinued?
Why does a dog nudge his food dish and not eat I have tryed changing food and he has not had human food at all?
Why would john montagu the earl of sandwich be a lunch box hero?
Why do people crave pumpkins?
Why do hamburgers have sesame seed buns?
Why do cooks put ice in the pot to cook meat?
Why do you take sweets to family and friends?
Why dont you stop being lazy and find it out yourself?
Why do i need four in soup?
Why are you not hungry for a week?
Why are blue sweets bad for you?
Why are pizzas popular in Italy?
Why do eggshells taste like pineapple?
Why can you smell food when it cooks?
Why does breakfast casserole need to be refrigerated overnight?
Why does salt affect the germination of lettuce seeds?
Why is cajun food so spicy?
Why do you use thicket in stroke and the handicap patients for their gag reflex?
Why does garlic make us pungent?
Why are dogs selectivley bread?
Why is Wisconsin called the cheese state?
Why do the people efficent in diSpersing edible fruit?
Why is cucumber so special?
Why do you think bread turns moldy less quickly when it is kept at room temperature?
Why is cured meat called jerky?
Why did garlic go green once minced?
Why do they always send the pork?
Why have the earliest prehistoric paintings bean found in caves?
Why do some foods contain starch and some not?
Why does soup make you hot?
Why do pieces of an immersion blender need to be washed separately?
Why do creatures need food?
Why does a banana take away your hunger?
Why is it so sweet?
Why is it important to eat foods with high nutrient denisty?
Why are cannelloni beans difficult to buy in supermarkets anymore?
Why does grape jelly crystalize?
Why are bacteria in yoghurt?
Why is temperature important in handling food?
Why would a pot of soup go bad overnight?
Why does purchased carmel corn popcorn look bigger than regular popcorn?
Why is purchased carmel popcorn bigger than regular popcorn?
Why are staple foods carbohydrates?
Why is soy sauce red and tofu and soya milk white?
Why is Idaho known for its potatoes?
Why do vegetables have different cooking times at different locations on earth?
Why does heating up milk stop it from going bad?
Why does metal not go in a microwave?
Why are you not making crispy chicken anymore?
Why is beef edible if it is an acid?
Why do fried eggs explode?
Why do taste buds change as you age?
Why are crackers important to mankind?
Why should you eat foods that are starches?
Why was bread and water given to prisoners?
Why are your pumpkin seeds still soggy after baking them?
Why do people eat one raw cauliflower a day?
Why do people eat what they eat?
Why should you cut back on sugary foods?
Why is it called cooking for scratch?
Why is it when you have left a fresh fruit salad for a while the syrup comes up itself?
Why is boiling foods healthy?
Why do need to eat bread?
Why is salt not used as a preservitive today?
Why do cooks perfer copper pans insted of steel pans?
Why is sugar important to society?
Why should personal protective equipment be checked according to manufacturers specifications?
Why does cooked zuchini have more carbs than raw?
Why do you have to eat soft foods after molar extraction?
Why is soul food so important?
Why is important to cook food for the right time?
Why was a flamingo so important to eat in Ancient Pompeii?
Why does milk take the heat away when you eat peppers?
Why should you pat meat dry before you cook it?
Why should the outside of a roast be seared before placing in the oven?
Why is meat so perishable?
Why did la choy quit making chow mein in one can?
Why does a lighted burner continue to spark?
Why would chili be frothy?
Why does the foodservice operator normally not care for fresh produce that has been in controlled atmosphere storge?
Why do I have to use the bathroom after I eat onion rings?
Why does the smell of soup get stronger as the liquid warms up?
Why does pasta use a special type of wheat?
Why do chiefs use nuts to decorate dishes?
Why does pollok fish shrink so much when you cook it?
Why is an interior strainer in a stockpot?
Why were the brahmans expected not to eat meat?
Why is soybean oil found in most breakfast foods?
Why are eggs placed in the meat category on the food pyramid?
Why has broiling become so popular?
Why do you need food each day?
Why do some still life painting work and why some dont?
Why does longhouses have a cooking area?
Why do some people crave salt?
Why is Ashley the best person to work with?
Why are your grape leaves different shapes?
Why do you need food webs and food chains?
Why do Italians put egg on the center of pizza?
Why did you stop making home style biscuits?
Why does skim milk curdle faster?
Why is 4 strikes in a row called a ham bone?
Why do you need time management for cooking?
Why cant you eat uncooked pork chops?
Why is food broken down?
Why is popcorn kernels crunchy?
Why is glucose good food in fermentation?
Why is it contraindicated to cook okra in aluminum copper or iron pot?
Why do Japan like sushi?
Why does pastry have olive Oil?
Why do people like vegetables?
Why do you think MC Donald succeeded in Europe?
Why do men cook better than women?
Why are croutons a great snack?
Why should the history of psychology be studied?
Why does my Sweating on your head and neck that smells like popcorn?
Why is food taxed if it is eaten on premises but it is not taxed if it is to go?
Why can natural gas for cooking be delivered through pipes to your homes?
Why do you have no blueberries on your tree?
Why should you eat bread rice chocolate and patato?
Why do you cook fresh cranberries?
Why do you eat strawberries?
Why was the eat well plate introduced?
Why is information sharing important?
Why is bread mouldy the same between white and brown will have?
Why do british people eat pancakes in February?
Why is ozark pudding the favorite food of missiouri?
Why does water taste sweet?
Why do you needfood and drink?
Why do not you use the oil itself as fuel?
Why might Clara Butter worth be described as a new women?
Why is salt used in Wheaties cereal?
Why are pistachios expensive compared to other nuts?
Why should you keep certain food cold?
Why do you need food and water to survive?
Why did Harland Sanders learn to cook when he was a child?
Why is the Greek salad so important?
Why does peanut brittle break?
Why does smelling food enhance the flavor of food?
Why is a pound of bread heavier than a pound of gold?
Why does oil take a long time to freeze?
Why should you burn crackers?
Why is it important to eat food grown and produced in the UK?
Why do people eat at mcdonlds?
Why do you get sweets for hallaween?
Why do things taste different when they are blended?
Why is salt added to the shredded cabbage?
Why should we wear a clean apron before cooking?
Why does apparent depth of pond look less than its real depth?
Why did the australopitecus need meat?
Why do some red raspberries produce fruit in late spring and in fall?
Why is it good to cook with olive oil?
Why are cooking oils stored at room temperature?
Why do state employees have to give the state money because of their stupidesness?
Why is a potato moist right after you peel it?
Why does it matter what food you serve?
Why does cookie mixture go hard when cooked?
Why does meat in your freezer preserve?
Why are packet of food filled with nitrogen?
Why is it possible today to see food coming from different parts of the world?
Why do people find it too difficult to cook?
Why is the toaster oven important today?
Why does the textbook consider homemade mayonnaise is unsafe?
Why can you say that butter is frozen at room temperature?
Why was the go for 2 and 5 campaign introduced?
Why does sugar does not mix with air?
Why do you go to a supper club and order off a dinner menu?
Why is pasta so important in Italian lives?
Why is pasta suitable in a packed lunch?
Why does energy decrease as it moves up a food chain but matter accumulates and increases as it moves up a food chain?
Why do all food chains and food webs start with the sun?
Why is Matthew not enjoying his dinner?
Why is dee interested in taking the butter churn and sald dasher?
Why are styrofoam peanuts called peanuts?
Why is meat be thawed before cooking?
Why did not ues water to fried?
Why is ground beef red on outside and dark inside?
Why did you not give me a satistfy answer about job?
Why is lecithin used in food?
Why is suger added to milk to make yoghurt?
Why is a turkeys meat dark?
Why is home grown leaf lettuce soaked first in salt water and then rinsed and then soaked in tap water?
Why do people eat and there tummys dont rumble?
Why is a tomato called tomato?
Why does Miss Temple order a meal of bread and chesse for the girls?
Why do potatoes drop?
Why does some cooks put metal skewers through the potatoes before they put them on the barbecue?
Why is lettuce important to eat for humans?
Why is poutine their favorite food?
Why do you have to wrap strong smelling foods before putting in the fridge?
Why is salt iodised?
Why was peanuts published?
Why does a stock made with veal or beef bones need to cook longer than a stock made with chicken bones?
Why would a fresh roast in date have a spot of brown?
Why are no inner leaves present in potato?
Why are no leaves present in potatoes?
Why should you develop an attitude of volunteerism?
Why do you study the salt marsh?
Why do people in America like pizza?
Why are vegetables important to Dutch cooking?
Why do some green onions have slime inside?
Why do people prefer to eat meat?
Why do people plant osage oranges?
Why is black butter used with skate fish?
Why do people eat turkeys?
Why does your frosting not hold on cookie?
Why does vinegar and cooking oil not mix?
Why does the body intake food?
Why does salty popcorn cause people to become thirsty?
Why are people thirsty after eating salty popcorn?
Why are your potatoes going slimy?
Why does burnt cream sound so disgusting?
Why is the cooked yam stringy?
Why does the potato bug lift its rear into the air?
Why is pasta often used for buffet service?
Why does Indian customs have an effect on food choices?
Why are cooking utensils commonly made of iron and aluminum?
Why do frozen peas have to be cooked longer at higher altitudes?
Why was the pancake invented?
Why do people use sugar subs?
Why does papr towel dry up with no salt on top of it faster than salt on top?
Why does the father not eat his ration of bread and margine?
Why did a longhouse have a shared cooking fire?
Why does passion fruit look gross?
Why cane sugar is sweetest sugar?
Why do you put eggs in pancakes?
Why did the cahilla eat there food?
Why does a souffle fall if there is a loud noise?
Why are my nipples hard when eating spicy food?
Why is cocoa boiled?
Why should the equipment be sterilized when making yogurt?
Why is sour cream called sour cream?
Why is pie so bad for you?
Why is there tax on raw foods in an oriental markets?
Why do soy sauce do not freeze?
Why does the iron in spinach take iron to digest?
Why do hot food taste spicy?
Why does jam taste good?
Why does vegetable shortening have less saturated fat than butter?
Why do people eat k f c?
Why are carrot roots?
Why does very ripe fruit provide the most flavor in cooking?
Why does eating salty foods makes as thirsty?
Why are food tests impotant?
Why was condensed milk made in aylesbury?
Why is cooking regarded as female job?
Why are peanuts important for our body?
Why are desert people not familiar in pork and beef?
Why do you have to place the popcorn bag a certain way?
Why does pizza smell so good?
Why is Canada called tossed salad?
Why do chefs cook vegetables for as short amounts of time as possible?
Why do you think onion root tip part is selected than other region?
Why are jacket potatoes good for you?
Why are jam jars heated when making jam?
Why are sausages magic?
Why do people use non durable goods?
Why is toaster oven making noise while cooking?
Why is st elizabeth called the bread basket parish?
Why should kids eat almonds instead of junk food?
Why is spinach good for us?
Why do you think maths is used in art?
Why is mozzarella used in pizza?
Why do people eat 2 much protein for optimal health?
Why are pizzas so popular?
Why is road salt toxic?
Why are pizzas so poplar?
Why do you use saffron in food?
Why do you use food colors?
Why did tins of corned beef prolong ww1?
Why are tortillas not merchandise with bread products?
Why did merchants smuggle food in 1764?
Why are sausages magic in less than 20 woreds?
Why is it important to cook food?
Why do potatoes get gross after being frozen?
Why do you add lemon juice or zest to bean soup?
Why do food and liquids preserve better in a colder environment?
Why are some olives green?
Why are abbreviations used especially in cooking and baking?
Why do you want to take up culinary arts?
Why do some children get hungry quickly?
Why do brandy snaps requir airtight storage?
Why do they steam tomatoes?
Why do people in Paris France just eat fish vegetables salads and lots of cheeses?
Why do you call bri bean dip?
Why would any1 run the crap anyway?
Why did the waiter put rubber bands in the soup?
Why do Italy love pizza?
Why do beans make you toot?
Why should you always remove food from an open can?
Why does body fat look like pizza dough?
Why did they create generic brand food?
Why do act popcorn is less?
Why does the clock stop while using the oven causing the oven to stop I have a Maytag advanced cooking system?
Why do you need to eat less of foods containing monosodium glutamate?
Why do people use more packaging than they need?
Why is food irradiation not used more?
Why are steaming and microwaving good ways to cook vegetables?
Why does bread taste sweet after a while?
Why would it be hard to buy a piece of land or a new cart with measures of barley?
Why were chawahwas bread?
Why do you have a need to have fast food?
Why does the juice from cooked red cabbage turn fried egg whites green?
Why does beef lack in the diets of woman?
Why is spaghetti the national dish of Italy?
Why is food freservation is important?
Why should you wash cooking pots and pans last?
Why did James cooks exploration impact on the world?
Why should you send food to Africa?
Why do steak sandwiches smell badly?
Why did they eat ham on thankgiveing?
Why does an organisation have to control costs?
Why is iceburg lettuce healthy?
Why are sauces added to meals?
Why is important to provide adequate detail when reporting?
Why do polo mints always give people headaches when other mints do not?
Why are pastry items and cakes in a pink box on TV and in motion pictures?
Why was cooks cottage built?
Why do you get numbness when eating New Zealand green lip mussels?
Why do you dip cheese in water?
Why is breafast the impotant meal?
Why are coca puffs so good and delicious?
Why are you ravenously hungry some days and other days you eat like a mouse?
Why did the Southeastern woodlands eat Squash?
Why do crescent rolls have to be refridgerated?
Why is name brand higher quality than generic brand?
Why do Germans have sit down dinners?
Why does haloumi turn green?
Why does a stock become cloudy during the cooking process?
Why do some foods get softer when you cook them?
Why is your gas pipe on your cooker hot?
Why is ham good?
Why is it important to use separate serving equipment for each food item?
Why are vegetabels good for you?
Why do you eat food instead of rocks?
Why do you need baking soda in sherbet?
Why are copper pots better for cooking than steel pots?
Why does ice cream have no bones?
Why do you need savoury food?
Why does an acid taste sweet?
Why would you want to be a chef?
Why do people like to eat oranges?
Why do fat foods tace nice?
Why will table salt melt ice faster than sea salt?
Why do frozen vegetables have to be turned one quarter turn in the microwave after they have cooked for 2 minutes?
Why do restaurants want you to eat their free peanuts?
Why is phyla of algae are used as food for people or produce substances used in processing food?
Why does ice react to coke?
Why are apples so good?
Why was it described as plum pudding?
Why do you need health and safety in cooking?
Why is it described plum pudding?
Why are the contacts not coated in salt or sugar?
Why was the sugar trade so important for?
Why do they alter the genes of foods?
Why do restaurateurs sell super size meals?
Why cant you eat junk food early in the morning?
Why do people care about food art?
Why are oranges important for us to have in your diets?
Why should you separte salt from salt water?
Why do you need sugar in cake?
Why do Europeans benefit from farming more than the rest of the world?
Why is hamburgers popular?
Why does the bulb glow when the wires are dipped in potato?
Why did the french peasantry reject the potato?
Why is menudo so popular?
Why did the tradition of eating red beans on monday evelop?
Why did soldiers eat beans?
Why did the longhouse have a central are with shared cooking fires?
Why is grilled food better than frying food?
Why does sticking a metal skewer through the middle of a potato make it cook faster?
Why are peas sweet?
Why is it if you will slice an onion you will have a teary eyes?
Why does it take longer to cook a leg of lamb than a lamb chop?
Why should you eat Peas?
Why is surgery important?
Why did kmart take there deli out with pizza mix candian bacon hams and those fresh hot sugar nuts and there little deli sandwishes and bingo for the employees and catered in lunnches?
Why are bananas not purple?
Why did arzo made pasta?
Why does potato have eyes?
Why is there a built in thermometer in a fully cooked ham?
Why does your beef stew taste bitter?
Why did they make biscuits?
Why is Antonia so obsessed with savoury pie?
Why are vegetables healthy for your digestive system?
Why do you need to change temperature when baking or cooking at higher altitudes?
Why does cooking pasta in a big pot help cook it faster?
Why is food smoked?
Why did BIG and 2pac have beef?
Why is yeast used in marmite?
Why is RDA being replaced by DRI?
Why do you use eggs when making muffins?
Why didnt pilgrims have mashed potatoes for there big dinner?
Why is session 73 such a good place to eat Thanksgiving dinner?
Why will pancake oompressor model cffn251t not bild pressure?
Why is sorbital gum good for you?
Why is peanut butter considered meat and beans food group?
Why do they call duck sauce duck sauce?
Why was sweet potato pie made?
Why do potatoes lose nutrients when cut into pieces?
Why does split pea soup cause flagelence?
Why is soul food often thought of as good time food?
Why are adults not shown in any of the peanuts series?
Why do Easy Macs get your microwave covered in slime?
Why do potato get stale?
Why is breakfast important meal of the day?
Why are bones taken out of the poultry meat before stuffing it into the turkey?
Why do you consider hotdog is dangerous?
Why are breakfast cereals so important?
Why does it take longer to cook a leg of lamb than a leg of chop?
Why does no frothing occur if cooked meat is added to hydrogen peroxide?
Why should you throw bakin soda on top of a fire cooking oil in the kitchen?
Why do you store potatoes in water overnight?
Why is soul food sometimes thought of as good time food?
Why is there blood inside turkey cavity after cooking?
Why does my microwave continue to cook after time is up?
Why is banana cream pie soupy?
Why is it good to throw away food?
Why is apple pie baked in a brown paper bag?
Why are you grateful for food?
Why does cooking odors from the kitchen can be smelled throughout the house?
Why do retail biscuits have holes in them?
Why does chicken taste good?
Why is it important to Remove nail enamel before working with food?
Why do you have potatoes?
Why does oranges have little pieces init?
Why did ceerk that heertdeerg?
Why does a sausage split while cooking?
Why are some people more affected by onions than others?
Why should chef knives not go in the dish machine?
Why are dairy products alkalis?
Why do you refer to food labels when preparing meals?
Why is it bad not to wash fruits and vegetables?
Why is candy named candy?
Why does peeled oranges float?
Why is your banana pudding runny?
Why do member of Nation of Islam sell bean pies?
Why are the cooking utensils are made up of metals?
Why are people so concerned about genetically modified food?
Why does salt water sink?
Why are foods tasty?
Why does corn bread stick to cast iron?
Why was there a rabbit with a leather jacket and scarf along with a fighter plane on the Loblaws no name peanut butter around 2007?
Why is jack a Mexican?
Why do fire crackers give different colours when burnt?
Why should a business think of cost?
Why do people eat health foods?
Why does cooked ham change to a grey color in the fridge?
Why is sushi round?
Why is toblerone of kraft foods Switzerland haram or forbidden for Muslims consumption?
Why would anyone want to own anything without knowing how to use it especially a juicer?
Why does potato chip grease happen?
Why do bananas give you stomach ache?
Why does hot dogs require a different fat extraction than potato chips?
Why do the Japanese eat noodles?
Why is peanut good for you?
Why does cornstarch taste so good?
Why do the casings on your summer sausage become loose after the smoking and cooking procedure?
Why is microwaved popcorn less fat after it is popped?
Why do people like certain kinds of food and dislike other kinds and is it genetic?
Why do jalapeno peppers sting eyes?
Why does sugar crystallize when in water?
Why are there no Eggo waffles in the supermarket freezers?
Why did the company nestle succeed?
Why is a greasy hamburger is unappetizing to most people?
Why do you needs butter in cookie?
Why do you have to cook and measure the egg?
Why is the strawberry in the fruit salad?
Why does a commercially produced Swiss roll have a longer shelf life than a homemade Swiss roll?
Why does food need air and light?
Why do the food containers in your fridge have so much moisture that it drips off the lids?
Why is there yeast in dairy products?
Why was pumpkin pie eaten in colonial new york?
Why are all your crackers stale?
Why does everyone laugh when you toss a salad?
Why is it so to calculate points for popcorn?
Why is yoghurt acidic?
Why does salt make foods sweeter?
Why is there crust on pizza?
Why is meat poisonous to eat raw?
Why does baking soda increase size in muffins?
Why did judy garland eat chicken noodle soup?
Why do poets use there full name?
Why are pizzas popular?
Why does a slow cooker cook slowly?
Why are bacteria so happy to grow in a badly washed food processor?
Why do you not eat a lot of sweets?
Why is your meatloaf still red tho it cooked long enough?
Why do couples love beef jerkey so much?
Why was the sugar act lead to?
Why is pizza better than cereal?
Why is it safe to eat ostrich or duck meat cooked rare but not other poultry meats?
Why is yoghurt good with curry?
Why does salt improve your mood?
Why should you change cooking oil often?
Why has soy bean oil replace corn oil and others in products?
Why is salt in the scripture?
Why is the temperature of the liquid so important when using yeast?
Why do you have to eat food?
Why are beans nice?
Why does the brain look like pink macaroni?
Why is there fat in suet pastry?
Why should you cook fruit in sryup?
Why did people in the Middle ages not eat roast turkey and roast potatoes for Christmas dinner?
Why are Australian Lamb Chops so greasy in comparison to British chops?
Why are crackers green?
Why are pickles so awesome?
Why do polish people eat fried cheese and jellied cow foot?
Why are some kidney beans spotted?
Why should you blot the potatoes gently after removing them from their various sucrose solutions?
Why do chicken thigh has darker meat than chicken breast?
Why is milk such a valuable food?
Why is importance of food processing and food packaging?
Why should you not eat lentils after twelve months How do you know when they are good or not What happens to them How did you arrive at twelve months vs not more or less?
Why are your bitters not in any store?
Why is spinish laxative?
Why would you cost in bulk quantity anyway?
Why do silver spoons turn black?
Why does melted sugar crystalize?
Why did they stop making cheesy beans?
Why cant i find oleo butter in krogers?
Why did Kelloggs stop Choco Frosties?
Why is shortbread cooked at a low temperature?
Why does baklava get soggy?
Why do people add peanut butter and oats to their protein shakes?
Why do people always think a buttered toast always lands on the buttered side?
Why do humans digest food?
Why did your cheese soup turn out stringy?
Why washing your hands before eating is a good way to stop spread of disease?
Why is white meat good for us?
Why is it dangerous to let raw food come in contact with cooked food?
Why do people get hungry when they hear about food?
Why is it important to store food correctly?
Why is butter healthier than margarine?
Why does cooking equipment give consistent results?
Why are legumes are in the protein group?
Why do you use copper to make jam?
Why does the pastry in apple pie base not cook?
Why is chef a good job?
Why are pulse vegetables good for you?
Why would a women say all I want to do is put a wet piece of bread in a mans mouth what is the meaning of this in 1815?
Why does peanut butter get gum out of hair best?
Why is salt used in peanut butter?
Why is it better to boil vegetable?
Why is it dangerous to consume certain types of bread mold?
Why should bring food home quickly?
Why would Bacon have tiny holes in the fat?
Why is serving size important?
Why have Selective Food Marketing services?
Why does it take longer to cook things in sauce than in water?
Why is germinating barley a rich source of amylase?
Why do you eats birds?
Why do you need bread potatoes and other cereals?
Why should you not clone food?
Why should you eat apple crackers?
Why should you not eat sugary food too often?
Why does salt turn yellow?
Why should you eat applr crackers?
Why would you eat a frozen pizza?
Why is it called toasting a marshmallow when it does not go in a toaster?
Why does bacon make you thirsty?
Why does your teacher say black people like orange sodas and bananas?
Why do chefs perfer cooking with gas?
Why are some methods of food production inefficient?
Why do cookies have flour?
Why do humans like food?
Why is gazpacho eaten?
Why do milk curdle in soup no curdle?
Why does a spoon get too hot to touch after sitting in a hot soup?
Why is middle class said to be a Sandwich Class?
Why do you feel butter flies in your stomach after an aeroplane flight?
Why do the french eat peanut butter?
Why is 45 minutes a suitable time to eat lunch?
Why are sweet patatoes orange?
Why do you only need small amounts of dye to color large amounts of things?
Why do some companies that sell table salt add KI to the salt?
Why is onion pronounced unyen?
Why do Bakers have their own dozen?
Why is is not being carried anymore?
Why does your face tense up when you taste something sour?
Why is a particular Yorkshire pastry is know as cob led?
Why do you put jelly in pork pies?
Why do they cure hams?
Why does your george forman grill leak all over the counter?
Why do they inject ham with wheat?
Why do you boil lardon before cooking for fat?
Why do soda crackers have holes in them?
Why did everyone Get sick after eating the pork the second day?
Why is smoke emitted from under the plate?
Why does African cocoa contain lead?
Why do friends eat meat?
Why does the whole top of your candles catch on fire when making soy candles?
Why does it hurt when you beat your meat?
Why do you call French fries French if they where not made in France?
Why do we blow on food to cool it down yet blow on our hands to warm them up?
Why do you say that?
Why did Coty stop making Healing Garden Organics Olive and Aloe with Shea Butter?
Why have I gone off food?
Why do water run through your nose when you eat something very spicy and hot food?
Why do Americans eat cabbage?
Why are scrambled eggs yellow?
Why is a cereal grain a fruit rather than a seed?
Why do chicken dippers taste of fish?
Why has the flame on y cook and heating stove turned red?
Why is pot roast better the next day?
Why does shrimp shrink when cooked?
Why is a tagine shaped as it is?
Why do we call them ribs beef ribs and pork ribs but we refer to lamb as a rack are they not ribs too?
Why are carrots good for your stomach?
Why is your olive oil white?
Why can butter melt when put in pan and put on oven when the oven is heated?
Why does watermelon juice smell like rotten meat when you boil it?
Why do you call English people roast beef?
Why do the gases in onions make us cry?
Why do you put tinfoil over resting meat?
Why do chicken roast dinner good for you?
Why do people tend to prefer unhealthy food to healthy food?
Why are potato and sweet potato called tubers?
Why does potato pete say that he makes a good soup?
Why is there only ten minutes in the life of a pear when it is perfect to eat?
Why was the cook afraid of despereaux?
Why is peanut butter so awesome?
Why does some cereals get soggy faster than others?
Why do crackers have holes not cracks?
Why do I taste food?
Why do the same ingredients show up in recipes time after time?
Why did the eggplant that you baked in the oven turn a dark color the next day does eggplant take on the color of its surroundings as far as sauce etc?
Why is a hard boiled denser than a raw egg?
Why are nachos called nachos?
Why was sugar added to the yeast?
Why is oil needed for cooking?
Why should you eat less red meat?
Why does milk sold during the springtime in some regions of Australia often have a particular nasty taste that is not the taste of milk gone off?
Why does pre packed beef say only freeze for one month?
Why is there a slimy substance on the ham?
Why did your pineapple have a red spot in it?
Why do you feel like the food is not digesting?
Why are fruits and vegetables important for the body?
Why are breakfast foods called cereal?
Why is the middle of pork smoked sausage sometimes brown?
Why is there sushi in Japan?
Why might the handle of a cooking pot might be made of wood or plastic?
Why is a carton of eggs 6 by 2 not a 4 by 3?
Why is it that certain foods are hydrogenated?
Why should cultural variations in food be supported?
Why are supernoodles so fattening AFTER adding water?
Why do herion users crave sugar?
Why is it not a good idea to overcook vegetables?
Why do people think tomatoes are a vegetable?
Why do you like pasta?
Why is the nutrient content of cream different from that of milk?
Why is it important to provide practical daily activities such as cooking for children?
Why cant you find bead mollasses anymore?
Why does ham appear in a word for ground beef?
Why do black people hate mayo?
Why would a vinegar and oil gift set indicate that it is nonconsumable?
Why would this be happening?
Why is ketchep called tomato ketchup?
Why is chicken noodle soup good for a cold?
Why would potatoes have a vinegar like smell?
Why does the thickened cream not fluff?
Why would Americans like blue tomatoes?
Why is standing time in cooking important?
Why does meat get moldy?
Why is pasta a good choice for teenagers?
Why would you do such a thing?
Why is the juice of a raspberry so dark?
Why do you call it sandwich lease?
Why does limesalted popcorn have left over krenals?
Why is hydrochloricacid is not presnt in the food?
Why is it important to lower the pH of fermented foods?
Why is calcium lactate added to jam?
Why is food labelling shown in 100g?
Why does meat loaf fall apart when slicing?
Why does milk have about 12 grams of sugar in a cup and cream has no sugar?
Why dont legumes need nitrogen cotainig fertilizer?
Why is food of a Adolescent is important?
Why do cooks wear oven gloves?
Why do you use a egg in bai n Marie?
Why should egg not be overcooked?
Why does frozen popcorn pop more than room temperature?
Why does your dick get hard when you eat food?
Why does fermentation causes food decay?
Why do Indians eat so few noodles?
Why does brown sugar become dry?
Why is unsaturated food healthier?
Why do Spanish people eat grapes and not strawberries?
Why is your home canned apple pie filling swelling in the jar?
Why do some people eat boogies?
Why does cooking make people happy?
Why is yoghurt described as live?
Why do you get are salt from mines?
Why is sucralose and aspartame put in foods?
Why does some Japanese dishes contain bamboo charcoal as an ingriedient?
Why is brominated vegetable oil bad for you?
Why do you freeze cabbage before making saurkraut?
Why do you feelbloated after thanksgivig dinner?
Why do you need pasta?
Why does yogurt make acid reflux flare up?
Why does the US government support genetically modified foods?
Why does your chicken cooking smell like fish?
Why are stabilisers added to food?
Why do potatoes upset your stomach?
Why do you want to join food production?
Why do you have onions in the world?
Why would food scientists want to know what foods are staples in a certain region and what foods are unavailable?
Why doesnt milk in the refrigerator ever taste as cold as the water or soda in the refrigerator?
Why do people like mayo on their Ham burgers?
Why is it called the lazy suzann?
Why is biogasencouraged to be used as a fuel for cooking?
Why can gas for cooking and heating be delivered to homes by pipes?
Why do people doddle on paper?
Why is it important to score meat?
Why does your lettuce turn brown with a metal knife faster than a plastic knife?
Why is there foam when you cook lentils?
Why are green foods healthier than other foods?
Why did you call it popcorn?
Why is it that a person can be allergic to peanut butter and not peanuts?
Why can you make electricity from potatos?
Why does meat get smelly over night?
Why do some bubblegum brands last longer than others?
Why should veal be baned?
Why is smoking not infectious?
Why is there grit in aged cheddar cheese?
Why do you sprinkle peppers with salt before stuffing them?
Why does the food taste better when it is warm?
Why is ham called Canadian bacon?
Why does America have meat?
Why do people like to eat food and eat so much of it?
Why is butter added to make a reduction a cooking reduction?
Why is the discovery of the peanut so important?
Why do you sniff coffee when sampling perfume?
Why do onions and celery float in water?
Why did ivy and bean mess with beans sister Nancy?
Why is food safety so important?
Why does yeast not react when in the refrigerator?
Why is raw meat being dangerous?
Why should peanut butter be banned from schools?
Why does cooking oil and soda drinks not separate when mixed?
Why are they cuting down pandas foods?
Why are macdonalds evil?
Why is international foods becoming popular?
Why are potatoes important to humans?
Why do you have no energy hours after you faint?
Why do some recyclers not want the plastic dinner trays?
Why should you wash your hands after handling eggs?
Why does cutting vegetables destroy vitamins?
Why did betty crocker began cooking?
Why is it necessary to shake a bottle of dressing before adding it to a salad?
Why is it called beef and not cow and why pork and not pig?
Why is Salmon classed as a heathly food?
Why was the thermos invented?
Why do people drink cold soup in andalucia?
Why are there so many types of pasta?
Why is Swiss cheese called Swiss cheese?
Why does vacuum packed beef appear brown?
Why do you add the cream?
Why is the boton restaurant famous?
Why is the food is very important in your life?
Why would a new package of sliced ham smell like bleach when I just opened it?
Why is food dehydration important today?
Why does the smell of dinner cooking gradually disappear after you finish cooking?
Why do bones on beef steak turn dark?
Why is olve oil in vegetable juice?
Why is it that Jiffy Bran Muffin Mix is no longer available anywhere in Dallas Texas?
Why is gravy called so?
Why did people likes pasta?
Why is it a bad idea to heat up milk and biscuits in a microwave?
Why are you not suppose to save baby food from meal to meal?
Why do immunizations cause autism?
Why are avacados expensive?
Why do people go out to eat for a home cook meal?
Why do people eat onions?
Why would someone vomit for no reason?
Why do you have bigger nipples than your wife?
Why are you suppose to eat applesauce with your pork chops?
Why do you work in soup kitchen?
Why is Colombo yogurt being discontinued?
Why would pea and basil soup be a good soup?
Why was the lamb meat green?
Why are the cooking pots usually made out of metal except for the handles?
Why do blueberries float in soda?
Why do Mongolians eat chicken curry?
Why is popcorn the state snack food?
Why does junk food like chips tastes good?
Why do cooked potatos give of electricity?
Why does food make you sleepy?
Why is it good to put vinegar in soup?
Why is the potato the best battery?
Why is a butter knife called a butter knife?
Why do popcorn kernels not pop when you pierce them with a pin before popping?
Why does a grease fire make a fireball when water is added?
Why do you cover yogurt when making it?
Why is salt a spice?
Why do people like Indian food?
Why does the temperature of the milk have to do with the way the yogurt will taste?
Why is the production of legumes decreasing?
Why do you bless the food?
Why does it take longer to cook potatoes at sea level?
Why is hala meat so important?
Why do you get bananas from the Caribbean?
Why is it bad to eat green bananas?
Why should you not eat fruit after a meal?
Why are cereal foods important?
Why do the Chinese people use a lot of fire crackers?
Why is vinegar clear?
Why does elevation effect what you cook?
Why do you put salt in sweets?
Why cannot pans be left on a ceramic hob when it is switched off?
Why does coleslaw get hot the day after preparation?
Why do you choke when you talk and eat?
Why does a hard boiled egg in the shell go soft when boiled in vinegar?
Why is sucralose used?
Why is popcorn sold in tins?
Why does salt level go down?
Why did women have to cook?
Why have you been eating so much lately?
Why is salt so valued?
Why do you get bananas from these places?
Why is your rice not cooking in your rice pudding?
Why cant a microwave heat up oatmeal?
Why does the cooked dressing need to be heated?
Why does peanuts harm infants?
Why were pumpkins normally put in your house?
Why are green grapes called white grapes?
Why does a kebab cook more quickly with a metal skewer through it?
Why dont carrots hep eyesite?
Why is a potato put in spaghetti sauce?
Why do you have to wash raw carrots before eating them?
Why do purple onions make us cry?
Why do you chew our food?
Why do people are obsessed with chocolates?
Why would sodium phosphate be in the ingredient statement on a bag of french fries?
Why are tandoors closed in the evening even when there is demand?
Why does the pitch of the sound increase when tapping a spoon in a cup of hot chocolate and then the sound drops in pitch after being stirred?
Why do you need Beans and Eggs?
Why is macaroni and cheese is good for your body?
Why do you have starchy foods?
Why is fish such a good food for both humans and animals?
Why does fruit bruise?
Why do food scientists taste food during observations?
Why does carrot lose her color when its heated 75 degrees?
Why are onions good for people?
Why does your virgin olive oil have floaters?
Why should you not cook fruit in a copper pan?
Why do sandwiches come with pickles?
Why are some people afraid of jello?
Why is hamburgers and chips bad for you?
Why are vegatables better for you than meat?
Why do fly traps eat meat?
Why do stuffed green peppers originate from Greece?
Why do people cook rather than go out for a meal?
Why should people cook?
Why do people cook in a suacepan?
Why do itailian people love pasta?
Why is salt and saltaire significant?
Why does your bread cave in after it starts baking you have an Oster breadmaker?
Why does the eggplant sweat?
Why does bread mold grow better in warm conditions?
Why is cream of tartar added to taffy?
Why did george washing ton carver make peanut butter?
Why do you see green shiny luminescent from pork or fish sometimes?
Why are spices good for you?
Why does bread taste yeasty when using a yeast that you have to activate?
Why do you calculate the food cost?
Why is popcorn good for you?
Why does the chicken bone become flexible when put in vineger?
Why does my microwave make a loud noise?
Why is it important to cut foods accurately and uniformly?
Why do people want to eat shark fin?
Why have ready meals changed over the years?
Why are you asking this question?
Why is it important not to smash fruit up when being used in fruit bread?
Why do you still feel hungry after you eat certain foods?
Why does french bread stale quickly?
Why is milk heavier than cream?
Why dont vegitariens eat meat?
Why do you need to cover cuts or grazes when handling food?
Why do dry cook spices in curry?
Why is checce yellow?
Why did your cupcakes contract from the cases on cooling?
Why is double strength broth used in some tubes of the MPN series?
Why do some foods trigger asthma attacks?
Why do carrots always appear in vomit?
Why is alder tree used for smoking meats?
Why do onions have a flaky outer skin?
Why do you throgh away the cooked food at the end of the day?
Why are choloplasts not in an onion specimen?
Why is tuna red after cooking?
Why do people like not spicy food?
Why is having a healthy meal important?
Why do you crave chicken wings?
Why do some foods test positive for glucose but do not taste sweet?
Why are the delicious food not good for us?
Why is the food chain important to humans?
Why do people eat foods that are bad for them?
Why is there salt in are tears?
Why do some families set extra places at the dinner table on Chinese new year?
Why does Cat Cora call herself Cat?
Why did the sugar act alarmed colonists?
Why do they make genetically modified foods?
Why is it better to eat porridge standing up?
Why do people love fried food?
Why should bulk foods be stored?
Why do you love burned food?
Why is popcorn tough I have a new stir crazy popper?
Why do they call steak turf?
Why do you put cheese on pizza?
Why is it important to serve the the dish in the correct sequence?
Why does coke explode when meet with mentos?
Why does cooking oil pour more slowly cold?
Why was the bread slicer made?
Why do yams or sweet potatoes sometimes turn green when baked?
Why does one type of ice cream melt faster than others?
Why do you crave popcorn?
Why do you put seasonings on meat?
Why do people not like foods?
Why does a new jar of tomato sauce taste like lemon?
Why does the salt stick to the cup when rusting a nail in salt water?
Why is pepctic acid disease more common in females than in males?
Why is it impossible to grow tomatoes in a rocket?
Why was bush food good for aboriginals?
Why do sponge products tend to stale quickly?
Why do you need sugar to make muffins?
Why do some chefs prefer melted butter to clarified butter when making a hollandaise sauce?
Why does salt makes an object?
Why does mwert eat pudding?
Why do you leave salt in a house when you move?
Why are some people allergic to apples when they are raw?
Why is ground nut important as oil seed?
Why do some families set extra places at the dinner table?
Why should you use butter when cooking pasta?
Why is peanut butter made from peanuts?
Why are crackers so dry?
Why is watermelon rind good for you?
Why did your banana sink to the bottom of your muffin?
Why did the Chinese move to California?
Why is dried tomatoes better than raw tomatoes?
Why is it called fried ice cream?
Why is food important to judaisam?
Why is a donut round?
Why is Africa food better than british food?
Why do some chefs prepare consomme ihour before cooking?
Why are deep fried foods worse for you than pan fried food?
Why does a cold can of soda get wet when left sitting out?
Why are enzymes soluble?
Why does various name brand products from dollar general store taste different than walmart or giant eagle?
Why do people eat parsnips?
Why do you hate najafi oat meal?
Why do you spin pizza dough in the air?
Why do you eat packed meals?
Why are pot noodles so tasty?
Why would anyone eat caviar?
Why does someone crave raw onions?
Why does your sugar scrub have hard pieces?
Why is deep frying classified as dry heat cooking when food is cooked in liquid fat?
Why is cooking oil bad for us?
Why do the egg float in salt water?
Why is red cabbage purple?
Why do you Vomit after fish sticks and milk?
Why is wheat flour bad for you?
Why is a wooden spoon better for cooking than a metal spoon?
Why is cooking grains in the microwave not recommended?
Why is there salt in chips?
Why does a potatoe shrivel in salt water?
Why do people need peanut butter?
Why is it useful to have tastes?
Why should you eat healthy foods and not junk foods?
Why are cooking pots metal?
Why do some cooking pots has a wooden handle?
Why is it important that farm machinery was developed?
Why are grains important to your body?
Why is a map like a sandwich?
Why do you need a food bowl?
Why is it important to eat fresh foods?
Why do you sip soup off the side of a spoon?
Why is blue bell the best brand of ice cream?
Why do candians like pea soup so much?
Why is animal proteins considered a higher quality food than vegetable proteins?
Why do people eat whale?
Why cant you buy the 5oz Carolina chicken rice at stop and shop anymore?
Why does saliva added to your food?
Why do you have frozen foods in a market?
Why do humans love sugar?
Why do jacket potatoes sometimes burst?
Why cant I buy it in stores anymore?
Why is read onion good for you?
Why do unripe apples taste sour?
Why do flour manufacturers add calcium carbonate to flour?
Why are beans in tins?
Why dont they have indomie chicken kabsa flavor anymore?
Why do pickles rule?
Why should the price of basic food items be kept at a minimum price?
Why would you be a good candidate in Panera Bread?
Why do people wear latex gloves when cooking?
Why is genetically modified food cheap?
Why does lettuce make stomach hurt when eaten at night?
Why is food classified into six categories?
Why does an egg take the same time to cook in water that is just barely boiling as in water boils vigorously?
Why is lee dixon a sheep?
Why is sugar added when making scones?
Why are salt important to organism?
Why is a charger plate so named?
Why is it better to consume natural foods?
Why does mold grow faster on mozzarella cheese than cheddar cheese?
Why do you need meat and beans?
Why do people take trail mix hiking instead of marshmellows?
Why is the Mc Donalds logo a M?
Why do sausage rolls dance?
Why do coffee shops put so much cream cheese on the bagels?
Why can open flames in flour mills cause explosions?
Why does water keep fresh vegetables from wilting at the market?
Why is food green?
Why does food fads gain popularity?
Why do bbpato go rotten?
Why is frying the least healthy method of cooking potatoes?
Why do you put vinegar in cole slaw?
Why do cakes shrink after baking?
Why are butter fingers bad for you?
Why did they call him the flying tomato?
Why do your friends think Cody looks like a tomato?
Why are chicken wings so expencive?
Why is food kept in a fridge?
Why are pickles not wrapped in aluminium foil?
Why does your oval casserole have a hole in the top?
Why is oil need with a whetstone?
Why does the sugar taste sweet?
Why are burgers junk food?
Why does the very top of your head tingle when you eat spicy foods?
Why is food a happy thing?
Why is colander used?
Why are pancakes different from pikelets?
Why is it important that food is alive and well in the food web?
Why do squash balls have holes in?
Why is it called bistro salad?
Why is it important to eat outside?
Why do you always see males make sushi and never females?
Why do you need sugar and starch for your body?
Why do advertisementsay that margarine taste like butter or has butter?
Why is GM food thought to be bad for you?
Why do you need to screen the food?
Why are hamburgers packaged without paper between each one?
Why do they use salt in graden freshing?
Why do plants turn brown when exposed to air?
Why was some meat preserved?
Why is the cafe food in vernal Utah so poor?
Why do you use starch in pudding?
Why is pepperoni lovers stuffed crust pizza so high in saturated fat?
Why do you need a height in a salad?
Why is food put on fire but not fire on food?
Why is salt good for are body?
Why is a toast in a gathering called a toast?
Why should food vendors be in school?
Why do bacteria not grow well in jelles or jams?
Why is food more expensive in the us than in Europe?
Why do bakers add yeast to the bread?
Why is refrigiration important for storing food?
Why is salt in your body?
Why didnt the house burn down?
Why did Julia child start cooking?
Why are frozen objects hard to break?
Why are poached eggs so good?
Why is iron used for cooking equipment?
Why do you use sugar in a muffin?
Why is the term resting stage a poor term to use to describe for the root tip of any onion?
Why do Daisy and Tom invite Nick to dinner?
Why have salt in playdough?
Why do your lawn have wild onions?
Why do so cooks boil ribs before cooking them in the oven?
Why do ground peanuts produce a liquid oil?
Why does food get burend?
Why do different foods effect peoples taste?
Why is the tomato throwing event celebrated?
Why are there no smoking signs?
Why does salt hasten bean softening?
Why is paella imortant to the spanish people?
Why did colonists not like the sugar act?
Why is soft preatzels a staple food in Germany?
Why is it important to wash hands before cooking?
Why was smoking implemented?
Why is pasta sauce used?
Why would you want to eat dry pasta?
Why should you use British food?
Why are egg plants called egg plants?
Why do hot dog buns come ten in a package and hamburger buns come eight in a package?
Why was Kraft Spaghetti Classics in box removed from 28115 and 28117?
Why does cooking tomatoes in an aluminium pot make it seem shiny?
Why does sugar and water make paste?
Why is it important of Marketing myopia?
Why do they put Calcium Chloride in foods?
Why did harland sanders wear a white suit and black string tie?
Why are oatmeal biscuits healthy?
Why do some people not agree with genetically modified food?
Why does organic food have a short expiration date?
Why does meat pop in the microwave?
Why have they taken Spanish peanuts off the market?
Why is rice not a vegetable?
Why do you add pasta to the sauce instead of the other way around?
Why do cooked foods taste different to raw foods?
Why do Australians eat lots of meat?
Why do pepole have children?
Why cant cooking oil dissolve a lolly?
Why is Spicy Meatball Pizza the most popular pizza in Japan?
Why is your parmesan cheese turning in to a clump of cheese in your cream sauce?
Why are legumes part of the protein group?
Why are you frying a pork loin?
Why are sun chips wavy?
Why do you want to work with in a sushi restaurent?
Why do you call a hamster a fat leg?
Why was donburi made?
Why is chicken a potentially hazardous food?
Why is bob in the soup?
Why is your sugar orange?
Why are hamburger not made from ham?
Why does licorice bend and not break?
Why do you eat junk food when hungover?
Why do we eat multicultural foods?
Why do pepperonis curl?
Why would you want to work for Rice Garden?
Why are noodles delicious?
Why is meat good for tennagers?
Why was the non GMO food control prepared prior to your test food sample?
Why does the sun play an important role to the human body?
Why do men have more protein than women?
Why did everybody stink with beans?
Why is sheep meat bad tasting when lamb is good tasting?
Why do they put an apple in the hogs mouth at a roast?
Why is pasta yummy?
Why do the inside of your windows get wet when cooking?
Why is it when you see blue you are not hungry anymore?
Why can biting on aluminium foil be painful?
Why is there the challah loaf?
Why is salt a fluid?
Why should you be careful with high risk foods?
Why does meat change color when it is cooked?
Why are Donuts called Dougnuts?
Why does my cream soup go bad in one day?
Why do you eat meat if you are meat?
Why did the keibler elves stop making toys for santa and start baking cookies?
Why is egg custard called egg custard?
Why do dessert recipies always say add a pinch of salt?
Why does fibre increase stool bulk and hold water?
Why are flour mills located at ports?
Why do people put a fried egg on steak?
Why is sex on tv a problem?
Why dont you eat meat on holy week?
Why is it that the more sugar you put in the water the more bigger your crystals are?
Why do children not eat lettuce?
Why is smoking considered your?
Why would you miss sugar?
Why do manufactures put sugar in peanut butter?
Why should root tips be hydrolyzed before making a squash?
Why is it important to thoroughly wash seed weed prior to cooking?
Why should food and drink be served at correct temp?
Why might people be willing to pay more for organic produce?
Why do Mexicans put sour cream in their spaghetti?
Why does butter dissolve in cooking oil?
Why was your egg cooker buzzing?
Why does licking the envelope for the census taste bad?
Why does carp taste earthy?
Why are you sitting on those noodles?
Why is meat and alternatives help us?
Why is wheat produced in the fertile crescent?
Why do you soak meat?
Why do you hate raw onions but love them cooked?
Why are peanut shells not ground up into flour and used as food?
Why do lollipops come in different colors?
Why does tin foil help reflect heat?
Why do home made soups like carrot and asparagus never have as much flavor of the vegetable as the bought kind?
Why do they grow onions at the end of strawberry fields?
Why is there water in butter?
Why do we diggest food?
Why does peanut butter turn white in water?
Why are the 6 food groups important?
Why are your beans hard after soaking?
Why did the show called chocolate go of the air?
Why is the specimen of Ulva sometimes called sea lettuce?
Why would talking food be bad?
Why do you eat so much salt?
Why is the menu considered the lifeline of a foodservice industry?
Why is nutritional info for milk different in CA?
Why are green beans healthy for you?
Why are there cold spots in microwaves?
Why are brownies a greek food?
Why does chicken breast skin sometimes stick to the roasting rack?
Why does Canadian pizza taste so weird?
Why are genetically modified foods being created?
Why do you add breadcrumbs to meat?
Why is vanilla needed in pancakes?
Why do you have to squish garlic before cutting it?
Why does my hard boiled egg has dark colored yolk?
Why is oxygen the enemy of food?
Why did the food pyrmid change?
Why are microwaves useful?
Why is there a difference of the weight of the potatoes cooked with different methods?
Why is there a difference in the color of potatoes when cooked in different methods?
Why are fast food pepper packages different from the salt packages?
Why is that food tastes are so different throughout the world?
Why did the boy refuse the soup?
Why is olive oil the main essential ingredient for cooking in Italy?
Why is congress smoking?
Why would you use metal to make pot for cooking?
Why is jelly purple?
Why do you use tenderize meat?
Why would you get a excessive amount of smoke from your oven its six years old and I keep it clean all the time?
Why do some animals regurgitate food?
Why do people object to convenience foods?
Why is July 30th national cheesecake day?
Why does trash smell so bad?
Why do people hate meat loaf?
Why do people eat so much meat?
Why is sushi awesome?
Why have so many stores quit stocking the Real Peanut Butter brand?
Why do saltine crackers have little holes in them?
Why did genetically modified food start?
Why do waffles have bumps?
Why did Charlie eat all my Oatmeal?
Why are steal food cans coated?
Why do shops sell 8 hot dogs in a tin but only 6 buns?
Why are there opening instructions on food?
Why does sponge toffee have bubbles?
Why do i like food and so do you?
Why do Indian people eat differently to English people?
Why is a frying pan and a casserole dish better for a pressure cooker?
Why was sandwiches made?
Why are graham crackers good for you?
Why is bacon hard?
Why do buzzards vomit up their food?
Why should you eat food grown abroad?
Why do eggs harden when boiled?
Why are meats important for us?
Why can you eat blue smarties again?
Why do you add salt to water when cooking vegetables?
Why are oranges so annoying?
Why do you have to eat dry food and space?
Why is it necessary to dry cocoa beans in the sun?
Why is smoking not banned?
Why are peanuts with moss on bad?
Why is a peanut a pea?
Why are there bulbs in an oven toaster?
Why does sushi make you horny?
Why are no knives served at the T hai meal?
Why is philly dip called philly?
Why does pea soup become thick?
Why are some substances like fried onions easier to smell than others?
Why do you cook your food?
Why is it logical for sugar cubes to dissovle under cooler tempertures?
Why do all burnt foods taste the same?
Why is it important that white meats are cooked thoroughly?
Why is Heinz Sandwich so runny?
Why is there different sides on a spoon?
Why are red radishes suitable for experimenting?
Why do you say a loaf of bread or a pint of milk?
Why does fish not need to be tenderised before cooking?
Why is it that when you drop a piece of toast it always lands on the butter side?
Why do you tap the lid of your can of soda before opening it?
Why is important to separate raw and ready to eat foods?
Why is it ironic that the proles get so outraged by a shortage of cooking pots?
Why do people like different foods to others?
Why are additives add to food?
Why do butter melt so fast?
Why are using metal in tomato paste packaging?
Why does everyone love bacon?
Why do the Negroes leave food for the Finches?
Why are butter and margarine and suger meant to be eaten in small amounts?
Why do generic foods taste different from name brands?
Why is Tina fat?
Why is pasta usally served with a rich sauce?
Why does beloved like sugar?
Why have scientists genetically modified tomatoes and onions?
Why is iodine necessary for the onion?
Why are sausages made of steel?
Why does stale food gives a bad smell and bad taste?
Why do Jews not have milk and meat in the same meal?
Why is greek rice pudding traditional?
Why do you think that raw meat is stored separately from cooked meat?
Why do they have chicken feet at the Chinese buffet?
Why did you get negative hpt but it feels like popcorn is popping in your stomach?
Why does vinegar turn a fixing nail black?
Why does reheating spicy food like a Thai basil chili dish in the microwave make the peppers even hotter?
Why does salt water expand?
Why is farming so important to the myans?
Why does Eating popcorn give you yellow skin?
Why is your cup of soup five ounces?
Why do the tomato plants grown in the house under lights have started to get white leaves?
Why is myogloibin harmful to your kidneys?
Why is meat not a necessity?
Why is pink meat unhealthy?
Why are hedgerows destroyed in arable farming?
Why do doves eat salt?
Why are nanners yellow?
Why were curly wurlys baned in Ireland untill1979?
Why do people volunteer at soup kitchens?
Why does sugar not go off?
Why do we use light in the oven?
Why do people need six through eleven servings of bread a day?
Why did queen Elizabeth 1 decree that everyone should eat for three days a week?
Why do you wash food before cooking?
Why does your seat smell like onions?
Why is metal used to make the blade of a knife?
Why might genetically modified foods be dangerous to your health?
Why cant peanuts be harvest when the ground is wet or dry?
Why is taking average better?
Why does food packaging have the nutrition food guide?
Why do people like meat?
Why do chip shops put salt on before vinegar?
Why are some cuts of meat tougher than others?
Why are food addatives added to foods?
Why did they stop selling hot cheeeto asteroids?
Why is it important to wash the bok choy thoroughly before preparation?
Why is baking food healthest way of cooking?
Why do people not like tests?
Why do you have a horrible aftertaste after eating food?
Why does lettuce make you burp?
Why are processed foods useful?
Why is food imported from other countrys?
Why can you smell food cooking in the kitchen when you are in a different room?
Why was the potato once considered dangerous?
Why is pizza purple?
Why is nitrogen added to peanuts?
Why have got so much food?
Why are your tomato plants light green and under leaves are red?
Why is nonreducing sugar necessary?
Why do slice potatoes have to be boiled before fried?
Why are hamburgers so tasty?
Why is it important to keep raw meat and cooked meat separate?
Why is japan famous for sushi?
Why would you choose to cook a curry for a gcse dish?
Why is cooking with spinach called florentine?
Why is there smoke in a hot soup?
Why is everyone in media making questions?
Why is americana so fat and lazy?
Why is lactose not a very useful sugar?
Why does peanut butter good on sandwites?
Why is it called southwest cooking?
Why is butter less denser than ice?
Why is raw meat red?
Why is pizza so nasty?
Why does Basil have blackish brown spots that take up almost the whole leaf on it?
Why do you use a nylon spatula instead of a rubber scraper when cooking egg?
Why does Basil plant have blackish brown spots that take up almost the whole leaf?
Why are pudding stone called pudding stones?
Why does popcorn have seeds?
Why do the Japanese serve each food in a separate dish?
Why is it important to have colour when presenting food?
Why is cream high risk food?
Why is sugar used in a pizza base?
Why do you have food aversion during regnancy?
Why do you need to wash hokkein noodles?
Why should you eat meat broiled?
Why is food a strong symbol of culture?
Why do coteledons stores food?
Why did we start eating?
Why is it necessary to store food 6 inches off the floor and away from the wall?
Why does silly rabbit want trix so bad?
Why is apple useful in cooking?
Why are dark green leafy and yellow vegetales important?
Why does Zimbabwe have no food?
Why does your spiral ham say do not freeze?
Why does your cooked pudding always separate?
Why do you need sugar to survive?
Why are substances added to food?
Why do companies change the packaging of their products?
Why do sausage dogs look like sausages?
Why is pastry in food?
Why do farmers spread the grains on ground to dry?
Why is chiken an explosive?
Why do you use blue plasters in cooking?
Why are dachsunds so long?
Why does a sugar glider move fast?
Why are chicken dishes so popular?
Why are Swedish pancake impotant to the swedish haratage?
Why were the strips removed from Atkinson Peanut Butter Bar and placed on the wrapper?
Why do people like onion bhajis?
Why is it dangerous to eat certain of a meat?
Why do people eat enchliladas?
Why is oatmeal a staple food in Scotland?
Why is chicken soup the best?
Why is bacon unhealthy and what makes bacon unhealthy?
Why is peanut butter put in a jar?
Why are restaurant ribs always pork and not beef?
Why is Deep fry harmful?
Why is stir frying healthier method of cooking?
Why do they have salts on pretzels?
Why is it important that frozen meat like chicken is thawed out and cooked propely?
Why is poultry a different category from red meat?
Why is fuel use as food?
Why is Wayne Westerberg important to Chris McCandless?
Why do food chains link up to form food webs?
Why is it not wise to eat edible plants or wildlife in a survival situation?
Why do muscles made of meat?
Why did it take over a hundred years for drinking chocolate to spread from Spain to different parts of Europe?
Why does vinegar baking soda explode?
Why are pumpkins vegetables?
Why is poultry seasoning not on store shelves any more?
Why is purchase specification used?
Why are boiled egg and soldiers named this?
Why does soup get cold if left out for hours?
Why should you wear gloves when working with hot peppers?
Why did you choose pizza pizza?
Why is sushi important to japan?
Why are potatoes irrigated?
Why do you have eggs in you?
Why is it important not to handle food if you have open wounds and what to do if you have an open wound?
Why are cooking vessels made of conductors?
Why is it important to have all the tools ready for cooking eggs?
Why do chefs plate food in a stack?
Why are my Tomato plants turning purple color?
Why is plastic good for juice containers?
Why is nitrite added to bacon?
Why does the characteristics matter for delicious taste to growers and shops or consumers?
Why does Milk taste so bad in Hawaii?
Why can microwaves be used to cook food?
Why does fishes from the ocean not taste salted when you eat it?
Why are coney hot dogs smaller than regular hot dogs?
Why is meat tastier closer to the bone?
Why does food make you gag when you look at it?
Why is KFC allowed to keep their ingredients secret while at the supermarket everything must have the ingredients specified?
Why are salts and fats unhealty?
Why does any food sometimes give you headaches?
Why do people prepare healthy dish?
Why do lino eat meat?
Why do you eat convenience foods?
Why does my mom think I have autism?
Why do boys not cook food?
Why does pasta salad have to be cold?
Why are peanuts often classified as meat?
Why does cooking oil float in water?
Why do you soak great northern beans?
Why is food so good and delicious and why are some of the worst food so expensive?
Why do you need vegetables every day?
Why does sugar cure hiccups?
Why is milk consumed with cereal?
Why do you eat salt?
Why is Sushi usually raw not cooked?
Why are hormones injected in meat?
Why is pyrex used for cooking?
Why is your beefsteak tomato plant not producing fruit?
Why does meat heat up?
Why does a microwave beep every 5 minutes when not in use?
Why has pasta increased in recent years?
Why is it bad for you if you eat to little of food?
Why do noodles taste delicious?
Why do peanuts show in poo?
Why is citric acid added to pasta sauce?
Why are hamburgers important in Nevada?
Why do your eyes get watery when you chop an onion?
Why can almost any food be delivered to you in the US?
Why does peoples nose run when eating spicy foods?
Why does chicken taste so good to black people?
Why does caramel melt?
Why did a boy throw butter out of thewindow?
Why is molasses called molasses?
Why is Dimethyl disulfide used as food flavoring if it is considered dangerous and toxic?
Why are cherry stains blue?
Why is there blue on your Udon noodles?
Why did you invent cooking?
Why does smacking food bother kamela?
Why do peanuts have a low glycemic index?
Why is Yellow the best M and M?
Why is food colouring added?
Why is cheddar cheese kept in salt water?
Why do people add flour to wings?
Why is it important to use the correct technique when trussing chickens ready for roasting?
Why do you get tears when you chop onion?
Why do eskimos eat raw meat?
Why do tomatoes crack on the vine?
Why do you need put salt in your foof?
Why should you plan meals or dishes before cooking?
Why is cornflour only storable for 1 year?
Why do some cultures like to wrap foods inside bread or use it as an eating tool?
Why does smell of food being cooked reach you faster than the food refregerater?
Why does cooking oil kept over a fire for a long time catch fire?
Why does your squash plant look like the stem is rotting?
Why do scrambled eggs eat your face?
Why does milk boil over if left on heat to long?
Why is it important to supervise the work of staff?
Why did Campbell Soup Co recall 15 million pounds of SpaghettiOs with meatballs in June 2010?
Why is more carbon dioxide produced at the end of proving bread than at the start?
Why is smoked salmon called lox?
Why did people originally begin putting mayonnaise on hamburgers?
Why do onions turn your fingers yellow?
Why are kids hungry but never want to eat?
Why was fluoroglucinol use to stain onion cell?
Why does the bannana do the peanut butter jelly time dance?
Why does your yellow squash have green places on it?
Why is it important not to eat to much sugar?
Why do you need appetizers in food sequencing?
Why is caramel smooth and homogeneous and fudge crystalline?
Why should a cooking oil be constantly stirred?
Why does the bitterness of onion gone when its cooked?
Why would you like to work for Potbelly Sandwich Shop?
Why are genetically modified crops banned on some food?
Why should you report food poising when handling food?
Why is oatmeal thicker in the microwave?
Why do tomato plant leaves curl up?
Why do you need healthy cooking methods?
Why is the balanced diet important in keeping the circulatory system healthy?
Why do humans cook their food?
Why do the blossoms on your crookneck squash just fall off?
Why are your squash vines turning yellow?
Why is it necessary to discover your food services business?
Why are junk food considered to be junk when they provide you with lots of energy?
Why do you use salt in earthpits?
Why do manufactuers package food?
Why does your mouth become warm when you eat spicy food?
Why is there a need to set a standards for native delicacies?
Why are cook chill food popular?
Why did campbells changed the texture of your cream of celery andchicken etc none of the past receipes turn out the same they are to creamy i hate your new texture?
Why do your thighs feel like popcorn is popping under them after you work out?
Why do you need to flip a pancake?
Why do you eat exotic food?
Why is processed food called processed food?
Why do chickens and turkeys have white meat but ducks do not?
Why do they make American Cheese in two colors?
Why did he give them salt?
Why did your can of tomato paste explode?
Why does your macaroni salad turn greasy?
Why do tomatoes turn black in the jar?
Why is watermellon considered a free food?
Why is it important to eat proper and balanced food?
Why do you have to make hamburgers thinner in the center in order for them to cook evenly?
Why do blueberries turn pink when you cook them?
Why did the people at first claim that they had no food to eat?
Why are people alergic to pancakes?
Why do people eat so loud?
Why are some baked potatos creamy and some powdery?
Why does your belly growl befor you eat?
Why is cream of wheat considered a meat?
Why are canned soups bad?
Why is it imprtant to control salt intake?
Why do you cook the roux for only a short time?
Why does the food get wet when you put in your tongue?
Why is canned Manhattan clam chowder not sold in stores in Ohio?
Why did you change the tender white popcorn i had all my friends and family buying it and not you changed it and the kernels are bigger and lots of hulls?
Why has the flavor and size of graham crackers changed?
Why did the stores all take out the Soy oil?
Why is fruity pebbles odd?
Why is a diet without meat healthier?
Why does cold pizza taste saltier than warm?
Why is it important to know what ingredients in dishes are?
Why does food cost so much?
Why is pomegranate red in colour?
Why are you craving red meat?
Why do the leaves on your tomato plant get holes and brown patches and die?
Why does hot food taste better than room temperature food?
Why does eating slowly prevents overeating?
Why is table sugar soluable in water?
Why do Muslim use halal meat?
Why does salt exist?
Why is sieving flour before consuming is not a good practice?
Why is ghee so spreadable?
Why are high fibre food not appetizing?
Why is Korean food spicy?
Why was finding food so important?
Why do you sprinkle flour into yeast with lukewarm water?
Why does this cooked catfish smell like skunk or something similar it smelled fresh before cooking nice and firm too?
Why does yoghurt split in cooking?
Why are chocolate bars so much more expensive these days?
Why is chicken cordon bleu named its name?
Why does content keeper bloke so many cooking games?
Why are cooking eggs common and boring?
Why does my electric oven trip out when I turn on the front left hob when all of the others plus the oven and grill work fine?
Why is sugar affected of boiling water?
Why did people not fish during the potato famine?
Why dont you have a lot of tomatoes on your plants?
Why is the magerita pizza called magerita?
Why is norwegian salmon pink?
Why do people eat on regular plates that get their food cold?
Why do you feel empty so soon after a Chinese take away?
Why does your dinner rolls come out hard?
Why is cocoa a brain food?
Why do you think of bacon when someone says eggs?
Why do Chinese people always eat rice and noodles?
Why was Nabisco Uneeda Biscuits discontinued?
Why is bamboo soaked in water before eating?
Why is smoking after spicy food so good?
Why do your special k bars get too hard?
Why does eating burnt toast give you cancer?
Why are duchesses potatoes regarded as the mother to many classic dishes?
Why are you Hungary after eating a normal amount except if you eat rice potatoes or lots of meat and stuff?
Why can pecan nuts be take in to space?
Why are purchase specification important to a food establishment operation?
Why does ginger react and give off a pink color when lemon is added?
Why do chefs use wooden spoons to cook?
Why can a lactose intolerant person tolerate mozzarella cheese and not American cheese or milk?
Why do people eat flour uncooked?
Why do you eat something you like uncooked?
Why does your shurfine unsalted butter have a nasty chlorine taste?
Why does bread exist?
Why do donuts split on top when cooked in oil?
Why does peta not speak out about Muslims in Islamic nations and there brutal slaughter of animals called halal?
Why do humans love to eat food and sugar?
Why would hamburger not exist without angiosperm?
Why is it better to use oil and to minimize the use of butter?
Why is it that it is important to a food establishments to have a purchas?
Why do people throw apples?
Why do Chinese people love noodles?
Why does cooking oil flot?
Why is there an uneven distribution of taste buds?
Why did peter piper pizza close in okc?
Why are microwaves good?
Why is paper chromatography widely used in the food and beverage industry?
Why is crab meat stringy?
Why do you need to understand the basic concepts and principles underlying the process in cooking native delicacies?
Why is it important for a baker to know the protein content of a different types of flour Give an example of when this is needed?
Why does butter turn rancid?
Why would native Americans put a hole in a cooking stone?
Why does a kilogram of lead have a greater density than a kilogram of butter?
Why is john durbin fat?
Why do people love meat?
Why does pastry stick to the tray?
Why do you have to put the whole spoon in food for taste the food?
Why do you need oil in the salad?
Why do some people not eat beef or pork?
Why does spaghetti squash Have A Hard Outside?
Why does pee smell like peanuts?
Why did your electric cook top stop working while you were cooking on it?
Why do you get hooked to junk food?
Why is corn flours in the carbonhydrates section?
Why cant you eat the marshmellows after shooting them?
Why do people choose to eat fatty foods?
Why are cooking oil so important?
Why is eating raw noodles bad for you?
Why are cheaper tougher cuts of meat for stewing?
Why do splinters of an exploded crackers spread in different direction?
Why does clear polythene increase the yield of lettuces?
Why is your bacon got green patches after you dry cure it?
Why is it bad to use the same cooking oil more than once?
Why does popcorn seller fan the burning pieces of coal?
Why do sprouting mung beans turn red?
Why should you keep food covered?
Why should you take culinary arts?
Why are they looking for new Iron Chefs for Iron Chef America?
Why cant you find land o lakes light whipped butter anymore ive tried 4 stores and the only one they carry is that terriable oil butter?
Why should you heat up a solar oven before cooking anything?
Why does sugar make your sleepy?
Why is olive oil healthier than butter?
Why are phytochemicals found in foods are important?
Why are fresh vegtables misted in the supermarket?
Why do aboriginal people eat bush berries?
Why is it better to choose wholegrain foods instead of white or refined starchy foods?
Why is it important reduce food waste?
Why do people keep meat in the freezer?
Why did japan come up with the idea of a salad?
Why is food procssed?
Why is it so important to reflect on your values when making a decision?
Why is chicken more expensive than beef at burger places?
Why do each of us need a diffrent amount of food?
Why is meat satisfying?
Why does meat discolour?
Why are the ends of metal cooking untensils are covered with plastic or rubber?
Why is vitamin e added to your oils and peanut butters?
Why do food labels must include MSG if it is in that product?
Why does the liquid used in bread making need to be just above body temperature?
Why is the shellfish in the bisque are not to be roasted?
Why do say a rasher of bacon?
Why does popcorn explode when heated and do bullets work in a similar fashion?
Why are numbers used to identify food additives?
Why do you feel hungry when you saw somebody eating?
Why does frezzing food preserve it?
Why was it important for Eskimos to eat raw meat?
Why does the food industry support scientific studies of food?
Why is it important to eat less sugar?
Why does sugar make your teeth rotten?
Why is the hamburger bad for us?
Why do I get called a cracker?
Why does garlic make your breath smell but lettuce doesnt?
Why do they use nitrogen in food packaging?
Why is syrup added to sweeten chocolate rather than solid sugar?
Why do youeat food?
Why are pickles in jars and not cans?
Why does the sugar caramelize in apple butter?
Why does food rot in the open?
Why do people feel hot when cooking?
Why is it important not to eat meat?
Why are food preservatives good?
Why should clean and hygienic clothes be worn in cooking?
Why do chappatis swell down when baked on tava?
Why should breads end cereals be taken in greater quantity than fats?
Why are baking ingredients weighed rather than measured by volume?
Why is everything tasting so sweet?
Why is it better to use copper bottomed vessels in cooking than ordinary steel vessels?
Why did the aroma first appear when cooking?
Why did the first Caesar salad not include anchovies?
Why does food need to look nice?
Why is iron not good for a cooking pan?
Why is iron not so good for a cooking pan?
Why can you smell your dinner cooking even if you are in a different room?
Why do you have to put eggs in food when you bake it?
Why is vegetable soup heterogenous?
Why do some coconuts have more milk than others?
Why are preservative used?
Why do people hacve diffrent enregy requirements?
Why do footballers have cereal?
Why do my meatballs stay red in the middle after being fully cooked?
Why would Italian dressing be separated into two layers after a while?
Why was tapas developed?
Why was sushi created?
Why should sodium be consumed in moderation?
Why is it important to measure the volumes as accurately as possible in cooking?
Why is butter so difficult to store and transport in hot weather?
Why does your flour turn lumpy after you brown it?
Why is perico venezolano important?
Why cant you squash a liquid?
Why is it when you take a block of butter out of the fridge it is quite hard However after 15 minutes it is soft enough to spread?
Why does a can of tomato puree have a specific gravity number on the label?
Why do you want workwithus in UK?
Why do you keep animals away from the kitchen?
Why was soup served at end of Chinese meal?
Why does protein deficiency result to malnutrition?
Why is jam in a hot roly poly pudding hotter than the pastery?
Why are chickens sold in stores so large now compaired to in the past?
Why is raw meat preserved?
Why would campers choose tripods for cooking at a camping trip?
Why does spicy food increase your temperature?
Why is limestone used in food?
Why is sugar grown in tropical regions?
Why are cooking utensils fitted with wooden handles?
Why is sushi in Japan?
Why did Mitch bring food to Morrie even though there was already food in the house?
Why is there a mirror hanging on the wall where sandwiches are being made?
Why did bacon rebel 1676?
Why is Cooking oil and gasoline not amphipathic molecules?
Why do people have to hav food and drink?
Why is it important for chyme to be neutralized?
Why is baking powder called double acting?
Why were lettuces dried up in order to measure the biomass?
Why is it important for food manufacturers to make sure they produce good qualit products?
Why is your UniFlame Grill parts for flame or already rusted out?
Why do all networks use est?
Why is fried chicken sooo good?
Why do they say use your noodle and how does a noodle and brain relate?
Why do people eat different food?
Why do intermediaries mark up products unnecessarily?
Why can you smell food when it is cooking?
Why does untreated wholemeal flours have a relatively short shelf life?
Why does bread cave in on top while baking?
Why were potatoes afraid of Indians?
Why do floods cause unequal food?
Why is romaine lettuce used in Caesar salads?
Why does lettuce become bitter when put in salty water?
Why are you born with taste for fatty foods?
Why are other foods such as lettuce eaten raw?
Why should I eat a pumpkin donut?
Why do you perspire when eating non spicy foods?
Why do companies insist on genetically modifiying organisms?
Why is nsp important for iron?
Why did you choose this career as a food server?
Why did carver create many different ways for peanuts?
Why is the food industry powerful?
Why do people wrap their food?
Why is spaghetti famous around the world?
Why does food color matter?
Why is the plum pudding theory wrong?
Why is salt edable?
Why did they collect the salt?
Why is charcoal a better fuel than kerosene for cooking?
Why is cod often used in Norway?
Why is palm oil so desirable?
Why does a cooking gas cylinder feel lighter after it has been in use for a few days?
Why do people put lecithin in chocolate?
Why do people put soya lecithin in chocolate?
Why do people put vanilla in chocolate?
Why do people put vanillin in chocolate?
Why do people put lesethin in chocolate?
Why do people put soy lesethin in chocolate?
Why do people put soya lesethin in chocolate?
Why do people put lesotho in chocolate?
Why do people put soy lesotho in chocolate?
Why do people put soya lesotho in chocolate?
Why do people put so ya lecithin in chocolate?
Why do people put so ya lesethin in chocolate?
Why do people put so ya lesotho in chocolate?
Why do people put soya in chocolate?
Why do people put leeston in chocolate?
Why do people put soy leeston in chocolate?
Why do people put soya leeston in chocolate?
Why do people put so ya leeston in chocolate?
Why do people put yeast in chocolate?
Why do people put salt in chocolate?
Why do people put oil in chocolate?
Why does bacon turn crisp when cooked?
Why does noodles become hard?
Why do you need to have dinner?
Why is peanut at a lower energy than cashew nuts?
Why are sauces often used to decorate foods?
Why are enzymes used in brewing and baking yeast?
Why are sausages so tasty?
Why does milk curdle when added to soup?
Why is aluminium used for cooking foil?
Why do some foods burn better?
Why is pudding called pudding?
Why can you not use Saltwater for cooking?
Why do beets change color after canning?
Why is ice cream being favorite food of children?
Why does cooked meat go on the top shelf in a fridge?
Why do beans need to be soaked before cooking?
Why did maize become a food source?
Why do you prevent violence?
Why does your sugar go up at school?
Why does fresh pineapple have no impact on the carbohydrates in Jello?
Why do flies fall into your soup?
Why do people need meat?
Why is British bacon good for you?
Why is it important to use a recipe?
Why is a soup nest delicacy?
Why do you sweat only on your head when eating spicy food?
Why did nathanial bacon lunch his rebellion?
Why do people put salt on peanut butter?
Why was it necessary to standardise indophenol solution?
Why does white flour contain less fibre than wholemeal?
Why is milk a main product in Galicia Spain?
Why are pancake healthy?
Why do you have potato bugs in your bathroom?
Why are quick bread called quick bread?
Why does chex mix original not have the white bread pieces anymore?
Why does food spoild?
Why did you have lots and lots of flies gathering around your outside window and inside the screens as greens are cooking in the house?
Why do butter fly have bone?
Why is it unethical to eat meat?
Why is putting marshmallow over a fire conduction?
Why are there white eggs and brown eggs?
Why are some can foods labeled organic?
Why was bradys mom cooking his favorite food?
Why is sugar in marshmallows?
Why do metal tongs get hot after a while when they have been on a BBQ?
Why is sugar used in cooking?
Why is the name giffy on penutbutter?
Why is sunlight energy and why is energy sugar?
Why is a wooden spoon a better choice than a metal spoon for stirring a boiling pot?
Why should fruit be peeled thinly?
Why do you chill soups?
Why do you like burnt popcorn so much?
Why is shellac in food?
Why does the heat strip not get hot on your new foodsaver V475?
Why does soup go off?
Why is the pumpkin of hispanic heritage?
Why are some foods digestible and others not?
Why does canned tomato paste have a sinkhole in it when you open it?
Why are pumpkins grown all over the world?
Why do people buy free range foods?
Why should you see the expiry date before consuming?
Why is it a good idea to defrost meat in the microwave?
Why do you need a endosperm in flour?
Why are bakewell tarts a british regional products?
Why does the host of man vs food always wear a jacket?
Why is eating hamburgers bad to the environment?
Why do Butter flies camouflage?
Why is portion control so important to a foodservice operation Culinary?
Why is it better to avoid using vegetables such as broccoli and spinach in a stock Culinary?
Why is the arrangement of appetizers of the plate important Culinary?
Why does spinage have different colors?
Why does broiler pilot light pop when lit?
Why does potato have a lot of starch?
Why does the baking soda disapear when you mix baking soda and vinegar?
Why cant you eat raw flour?
Why is food dye made?
Why is your marshmallow bunnies clear?
Why is flour important in baking cookies?
Why is sugar cheap?
Why did the Peasants eat mostly Barley?
Why do you need energy to stay alive?
Why does soft lettuce turn crispy and firm after being dipped in cold water?
Why cant you buy french set yoghurts?
Why does bread take longer to rise in a cool room then in a warm room?
Why is it that if you eat a lot of lays potato chips the corner of your mouth gets cracked?
Why should aisles never be blocked?
Why are bacteria added to the milk?
Why did rich Romans serve lettuce at the end of the day?
Why do you select ingredients just to meet the standards?
Why does urkey meat make you tired?
Why are most cooking metals made of copper aluminium?
Why would a feather represent macaroni?
Why are corn syrup and cugar used together?
Why is using natural gas as a fuel for cooking more efficient than using electricity?
Why would you like to work in food industry?
Why should exposed food stuff not be consumed?
Why should you always see the expiry date in packed food items before consuming them?
Why does food taste worse these days than years before food years ago use to taste better like in the 50 60s yet going into the 70s 80s 90 do u think its genetically altered t make us sicker?
Why does the volume go down when you put pears in to soup water?
Why do you feel nausea after consuming sugar?
Why do chefs like to cook?
Why does cabbage give you gas?
Why was it hard for Dave thomas to open another restarunt?
Why do some people have heaving breathing after taking a bite of food?
Why do people eat spaghetti?
Why do you use oil when you cook?
Why is it important to defrost food throughly before cooking?
Why does tomato end with os for plural?
Why has the cost of pine nuts risen in 2010?
Why do Yorkshire puddings have a dich in them?
Why did sinclair want to expose the meat industary?
Why does salt water wilt lettuce?
Why do you think producers would want to turn wants into needs?
Why do chefs put salt in water when cooking?
Why is a shooting star bettter than a hamburger?
Why are sandwich bags sealed when you buy them?
Why does butter melt when it is put on toast?
Why was professional cooking created?
Why does your meat taste like metal?
Why does a popcorn bag inflate as it cooks?
Why does food have to be thawed before you cook it?
Why do you need to add some salt ti the cheese?
Why do noodles shrink?
Why is a tomato good conductor of electricity?
Why is sugar refined soon after milling?
Why does lettuce leave a bad taste in your mouth?
Why does popcorn burn more in the micorwave then the stove?
Why do the strawberries end up with juice when you sprinkle sugar on it?
Why are people worried that new zealanders are not eating enough fibre?
Why did Garfield order french fries with his haunted hamburger?
Why do you need to eat cheese for?
Why do people need to eat snack?
Why are cooking vessels made out of metals?
Why does mold and fungus do to foods and other organisms?
Why do banannus row and make flys?
Why is the Mexican government interested in helping farmers?
Why was there a shortage of food?
Why does kitchen windows get droplets when someone is cooking somthing hot?
Why are gelatin tubes refrigerated before a final reading?
Why do you yawn after you eat sushi?
Why do you need to wear an cooking glove while cooking?
Why is fat an important nutrient for body functions?
Why are there different flavors of peanut butter?
Why do you need plain and self raising flour?
Why is mince meat farmed in NSW?
Why is french food considered the best type of food in the world?
Why is the stethoscope important in medicine?
Why is ketchup sold by weight?
Why are vegitables and fruit are good for you but meat isent?
Why is sugar necessary for survival in humans?
Why is phsical activity important to wellness?
Why is the price of butter skyrocketing?
Why is rice or noodles the base for most Indonesian meals?
Why are your baked beans watery?
Why is brain food good for you?
Why do different foods take longer to melt?
Why is buttermilk used in corn pancakes?
Why are chefs in charge?
Why are Chinese takeaways put in silver foil trays?
Why do some recipes tell you to relax pastry in the fridge?
Why do we cut sandwiches into triangles?
Why do you need to eat starchy foods for breakfast?
Why does fair trade sometimes cost more?
Why are there bumps in faeces?
Why is the National Peanut Festival bad for dothan economy?
Why is the unites states like vegetable soup?
Why do some foods make you feel full longer than others?
Why is it important for families to eat together?
Why do meny metal cooking utensils have wooden handles?
Why does some candy stick to others?
Why is the potato called slolanum tubersom?
Why is the potato called solanum tubersom?
Why do larger pieces of food retain more nutrients than smaller pieces of food?
Why are cut tomatoes potentially hazardous as opposed to whole tomatoes?
Why do sports teams have a spaghetti dinner the night before a game?
Why do hamburgers spoil?
Why did the Gana trade gold and salt?
Why do foods have a low pH?
Why did bacon rebllion collapse?
Why is a Yorkshire pudding called a Yorkshire pudding?
Why does bacteria grow on raw meat more than cooked meat?
Why do people eat their boogies?
Why are some smarty colours more common than others?
Why is your tiramisu mixture wet and clumpy?
Why is your newborns liver levels high?
Why do some uncooked foods not smell until they are cooked?
Why does popcorn make your mouth thirsty?
Why is salt a comppound?
Why is the magnet attracted to a tin tomato paste can?
Why do some people eat animal food?
Why does sand has salt in it?
Why should kids have gum in school?
Why are noodles good for you?
Why is this Capetown waterfront restaurant called 221?
Why do you love spicy food?
Why cant hindus eat mushrooms?
Why do chefs cut fruits between their thumb and forefinger?
Why do people put pineapple on a pizza?
Why do sodas have acids and sugars?
Why did the smoke alarm not go off when the popcorn burnt?
Why is Indian spiced tomato almond shrimp typical?
Why are fats not recommended as a prework out snack?
Why does the dough rises when dropped in oil?
Why do tomatoes ripen more slowly in a refrigerator than they do at room temperature?
Why is it called the seven fishes?
Why do you tie meat with a string?
Why is it bad to eat to fast?
Why does the breatss of the duck is dark meat?
Why is the culinarians code relevant?
Why is the mung bean in the same family as the Asiatic bean Because they are?
Why is the mung bean in the same family as the Asiatic bean?
Why do your potatoes taste like rubber?
Why are plastic or wooden handles provided to cooking vessels?
Why is food decorated?
Why is heathly food good for you?
Why was Custer sent out west to Montana?
Why is the unsalted butter so expensive?
Why is soup in a can?
Why is preparing and eating food at home better than eating at a restuarant?
Why do you have to wash your hands before cooking?
Why was business a success in 18th to the 20th century?
Why are pretzels knotted?
Why do you heat the cream or milk before adding to the cream soup?
Why would a late afternoon snack be necessary for someone who visting Spain?
Why does salty popcorn make you so thirsty?
Why did carotts used to be black?
Why do you wear blue plasters to cover cuts in a food technology room?
Why is cooking a permanent change?
Why does Danielle Melville like pie flavoured pies so much?
Why can you eat your steak more rare when you have to cook other meats more fully?
Why did they call them lettuce badges?
Why are the organs removed from a chicken before cooking?
Why do you feel so tire all the time?
Why do you use aluminum for cooking utensil?
Why do caffeine drinks have so much flavoring in them?
Why can meat mincer tenderize meat?
Why are yeasts gaining popularity in scientific research?
Why is eating meat and fish important?
Why does cooking a small peice of food take less time then cooking a larger amount of the same food?
Why cant desda spend the scholarship money won for her cooking in the skin im in?
Why does botrytis develop?
Why should you eat a varitey of foods and use a varitey of cooking methods?
Why is flour is used as a thickening agent in a white sauce?
Why does eating soup make your nose run?
Why does milk swirl when you pour it?
Why does your bird like fried chicken?
Why does butter lettuce come with roots when purchased at the store?
Why do you taste so good to men?
Why should a stock be skimmed during cooking?
Why can the natural gas for cooking and heating be delivered to homes though pipes?
Why does cooking with bone in take longer?
Why were onions invented?
Why was the animal crackers box desighned with a string handle?
Why do you cook in fat?
Why did your sandwich cake stick to bottom of silicone bakewear?
Why do you use cooking?
Why is active packaging used for dried soup?
Why was food important to ancient Greece?
Why does Bryan smell like dick cheese?
Why do crackers get soggy in humid environments?
Why can metal utencils get too hot to touch when you are cooking with them?
Why does your popcorn have so many hulls after popping?
Why do you need a gas cooker or a BBQ in an emergency kit?
Why are potatoes used in food from India?
Why is it that sugar is hardly mixed with oil?
Why does meat easily spoils in warm places?
Why does food changes appearance when cooked?
Why does soup come in a can?
Why are pizzas big?
Why is the cold section separated from other sections?
Why should chocolate be officially Americas national candy?
Why arent people made of pancakes every Thursday at 4 am?
Why did the tocobaga come tofl for food?
Why do frosted flakes have frosting?
Why is cactus a vegetable?
Why is your roast fat blue?
Why do caterers choose their clients?
Why is spicy food common in some countries?
Why do they always wrap their food?
Why is it important to prevent cross contamination?
Why do potatoes get softer when put in salt?
Why is sugar important in making bread?
Why does the type of liquid affect how long it takes an apple to rot in milk water and cooking oil?
Why does dried packet soup go off?
Why does dried soup go off?
Why doesnt a buddist eat meat?
Why does the Dominic replubic sell banana?
Why is availability in unhealthy foods higher then healthy foods?
Why is spaghetti mainly grown in Africa?
Why is the least healthyiest way of cooking frying?
Why does frozen popcorn affect popcorn popping?
Why do attoms form?
Why is cheddar cheese the most favorite in the US?
Why do people put sour cream in macaroni and cheese?
Why are cupcakes not in cups?
Why do many metal cooking utensils have wooden handle?
Why is soup so versatile?
Why do some catering operations store rubbish in a purpose built refrigerated room?
Why should you measure flour accurately?
Why do you let a turkey rest after cooking?
Why should people take heed to hurricane warning?
Why do chickens crackle?
Why did british passed Sugar Act?
Why donut have hole in the middle?
Why do you have to manage food?
Why cant you taste the salt in soup?
Why does flour desolve in water?
Why do you cook some foods before you eat them?
Why is salT impotant?
Why is course salt used rather than table salt?
Why are the missions placed a certain distance from each other?
Why do people like corn?
Why is fruit a better snack then a cupcake?
Why does meat break down?
Why does a cook use a wooden spoon to stir hot soup instead of a metal of a plastic spoon?
Why do fast food hamburgers not mold?
Why is listeriosis associated with processed meats?
Why is it mandatory for kitchen workers or food handlers to have an annual tuberculosis test?
Why does pudding pwn?
Why is there flour in muffins?
Why is butter difficult to store and transfer in hot weather?
Why are sandwiches blast chilled?
Why does food spoil when you have it in a wrap?
Why is it important to have an adequate intake of water with NSP?
Why does a dish with no food in it heat up in a microwave?
Why do you need strong plain flour to make pizza dough?
Why is it traditional to eat sushi?
Why do you let a turkey sit for 15 min before serving?
Why is your corn pudding mushy?
Why are turkeys used as the traditional food?
Why are food additives used to process food?
Why can metal utensils get too hot to touch when you are cooking with them?
Why are turkeys the traditional meat serverd?
Why is shooflypie called shooflypie?
Why is sulfur as sodium thiosulphate added to table salt?
Why do you have plum pudding?
Why is fish not considired meat or flesh?
Why does a cooking gas cylinder feel lighter than a filled cylinder?
Why cannot you taste the food properly when you have a cold?
Why do turkeys have light and dark meat?
Why is food a basic human need?
Why does food wrapping affect spoilage?
Why does no one like Thomas Bacon?
Why is aging applied to meat?
Why do Italians call tomato sauce gravy?
Why does cheese have high energy levels?
Why are food handlers not permitted to wear jewelry when working with food?
Why are potatos a nutritional goldmine?
Why does tyhe skin come off the turkey?
Why is food cooked in a microwave?
Why do vegetables have catalyse?
Why does oil and water mix?
Why are g?
Why does one side of an avocado rot faster than the other side?
Why do people become vegtarians?
Why do some frosted flakes sink?
Why did the iodized salt disolve faster than the rock salt?
Why is it preferable that kettles have a polished body?
Why does saltdough bake so hard?
Why is it important to make use f home grown ingredients?
Why are Tyson chicken nuggets so bad?
Why do potatoes take longer to cook than chips?
Why do chips take less time to cook than potatoes?
Why is there acid in meat?
Why does sliced deli meat have a rainbow appearance?
Why is milk and meat forbidden?
Why did started tomato dance?
Why do you need to incubate the yeast before you start collecting data?
Why do white people eat fish and chips?
Why was the waffle maker devloped?
Why was plum pudding model it described as plum pudding?
Why does God get upset if you have a Jelly Donut in your footlocker?
Why is your chicken hibernating?
Why do hot dogs come 10 to a pack while buns are 8 to a pack?
Why is noodles a popular food in Vietnam?
Why does the aluminum foil turn dark when espose to the tomato sauce?
Why do people in America decorate there trees in popcorn?
Why do guineapigs popcorn?
Why should cooks taste food?
Why does stir crazy popcorn produce a small amount of kernels?
Why did turkey broth flavor in turkey soup turn for the worse two days later?
Why is peanut butter famous in the Midwest?
Why should cat food go faster on a slope than soup?
Why will a sandwich stay warm longer in a foam box than it will in aluminum foil?
Why do currents fall to the bottom of the cake when cooking?
Why do people say cheese all the time?
Why do your soups get thick then break down?
Why should all incidents and accidents be reported and recorded?
Why do some meats not need refrigeration?
Why did railways and flour mills lose there business?
Why is it called the queen of puddings?
Why are so many shakeys restaurants disappearing?
Why did you smell saltine crackers when they were nowhere around?
Why is your face on fire?
Why do you wanna work for applebees?
Why are some buddhists meat eaters?
Why does popcorn grow in the mid west?
Why does your beef smell like cheese?
Why does albumin pH go up if eggs are stored?
Why do people like waffles?
Why is a vegetable soup a suspension?
Why are there junk food?
Why do you get that flour taste when using flour?
Why will a heat lamp cook a hot dog but a UV light will not?
Why should eat noodles?
Why is their no beef chops?
Why is the right of food important?
Why is my chili foaming?
Why does good food diffuse from a bag to your nose?
Why do cookies change when you put them in the oven?
Why didnt Elies dad get soup?
Why are aldohexos important?
Why is tofu so horrible?
Why do you cut meat with steel?
Why do you boil blackcurrant in copper or glass?
Why is a dark ring sometimes seen around the yolk of a boiled egg?
Why is it called California mixed vegetables?
Why does foood need to be seasoned?
Why does whipped butter mold?
Why does a tomato change colors when ripening?
Why did your cream soup get thin?
Why does the butter separate when cooking English toffee?
Why did your hamburgers turn into meatballs?
Why do you think elie found the soup excellent after he saw the first hanging at buna?
Why should cooked foods and raw foods should be kept apart?
Why is that salt in the water?
Why was butter nut candy bar discontinued?
Why does salt dough need salt?
Why does top grade meat have gristle?
Why is vanilla added to dough?
Why is chocolate cream added to the biscuit?
Why does salted pork not spoil?
Why did the spanish establish sugar plantations?
Why is melted butter good for baked cookies?
Why should babies be given foods like pej or dals before they get theet?
Why do you think India rural development is important for the nation?
Why is Squash Popular?
Why does cooking oil kept on a frying pan kept for a long time catch fire?
Why is it the last 2 boxes of original Premium crackers are broken when the box is in good codition?
Why would people buy plastic fruit?
Why do the feet that are mine smell like pancakes?
Why does sugar water boil fast?
Why dont people like spring onions?
Why do kumquats choke people?
Why might a aquarium fish swim up to the heater and put its stomach on it?
Why are 5 examples of mixtuers?
Why does meat change colour when cooked?
Why does natural gas for cooking and heating be delivered to homes through pipes?
Why is metals often used in cooking?
Why did Shultz name his comic strip peanuts?
Why are certain cheeses only made in certain countries?
Why are certain cheeses only made in certain countries?
Why do you need to flour on a greased cake pan?
Why is chicken soup bad?
Why is elastin a factor in meat and poultry preperation?
Why is kitchen plated food called Blue plate?
Why is there so much sodium in canned soup?
Why do you measure specific volume of foods?
Why dont people like buying donuts from the store?
Why do you need math with cooking?
Why did Charles Schulz start drawing Peanuts?
Why will peanuts cause choking for small children?
Why do you want to work of a sales oriented invironment?
Why does red meat hurt your stomach?
Why does a coke can explode when you shake it?
Why does bread taste sweeter as you chew it?
Why is metal pans used for cooking?
Why are potatoes only good cooked?
Why is meat important in life?
Why does oatmeal cause gas?
Why is the butter settling at the top of your cream soup?
Why does butter change color while it has been in the fridge a long time?
Why does sugar give you more resistance?
Why does your daughters food go watery as she eats especially custard type foods?
Why does one have lettuce leaves in their bowel movement?
Why does Virginia ham have a rancid smell?
Why is it important it use a variety of different cooking methods?
Why do rural people put a coating of mud on the outside of the bottom of vessels used for cooking rice?
Why is mrs bairds bread not good any more since you have made it lowfat it tastes bad will not buy it any more?
Why is steaming an economical method of cooking?
Why does your oven burn food when the temperature is correct?
Why do people enjoy chicken fights?
Why dont an egg float in flour water?
Why does this happend?
Why do you need sequence of service?
Why is quality and taste important when selecting a restaurant?
Why is Spirotein protein drink green after mixing in blender?
Why is Spirutein protein turn green after mixing in blender?
Why did you receive a potato in the mail?
Why do carmels turnout sugary instead of creamy?
Why is turkey so darn delicious?
Why is blue steak called blue?
Why are your children leaving out crackers and water?
Why will a plastic bag covering a foil container not cause problems when microwave cooking?
Why is wind energy not being used today?
Why is it that you eat corn chew it up and the next day it comes out whole again?
Why do your burps taste like plastic?
Why is your lasagne soupy?
Why do people eat raw meat?
Why do potatoes turn brown after cooking?
Why did people invent cereal?
Why does boiled water steam more when it is taken off the heat?
Why does pringles use different colours for its packing?
Why does my Italian wedding soup taste like vinegar?
Why is sea salt healthier than regular salt?
Why did your duck turn green after being sliced?
Why do canned tomatoes have a metal smell to them?
Why is the staple food of people in ganga brahmputra basin?
Why cant a donut be square?
Why are patotoes purple?
Why are muffins called gems?
Why does the oil bubble when you fry chicken?
Why is it important to do stocktaking?
Why are donuts circles or squares?
Why do you get bad breath after eating spicy food?
Why does hamburger turn white in water?
Why does dog treat recipes ask that you keep the treats in the oven overnight?
Why does salsa taste to strong with vinegar after processing?
Why do sugar attracts house flies?
Why do cooking gas smells so bad?
Why do you blow on the hot potatoes cohile peeling?
Why is the Wolverston arms in Tamworth called the Knob?
Why do the French enjoy eating rotten cheese?
Why do crackers have 13 holes in them?
Why is a popcorn kernal different from regular corn kernals?
Why do hamburgers always win?
Why was the lays chip invented?
Why do food and drink taste different when you have got flu?
Why is steamed rice popular in Asia?
Why is bacteria used instead of vinegar in cheese?
Why do people eat cottage cheese instead of cheddar cheese when their trying to lose weight?
Why does subway never give anyone enough cucumbers?
Why do foods have spores?
Why is papaya grown in Trinidad?
Why do Italians bury themselves with tomatoes and basil?
Why dont they make smacks brand Ramen noodles anymore?
Why is spaghetti weak?
Why are spaghetti noodles so weak?
Why were the vietcong called hamburgers?
Why are babies skin purple and covered with cream cheese like substance right after birth?
Why do Italians use long cooking methods and how does it relate to the history of Italy?
Why does bread level?
Why is a tomato so good?
Why does freshly popped popcorn can be smelled from far away?
Why are wooden spoon considerad perfect for stirring food during cooking?
Why does kneaded bread rise more than not kneaded bread?
Why are potatoes different from each other?
Why does white vanilla turn pink?
Why does sugarless gum keep flavor longer than suger gum?
Why does the food is important?
Why cant you make spaghetti cook any faster than 8 minutes?
Why are marshmallows important?
Why does bread mold faster than cheese or fruit?
Why does rotten food sell bad?
Why does cooking a food change its appearance?
Why does pancake batter spread out in a pan?
Why is meat high risk food?
Why do baking soda factories smell?
Why do you have a ha?
Why are your great northern bean still hard after 4 hours of cooking?
Why are some cooking utensils made from wood?
Why are noodles white?
Why is salt not a compound?
Why does bread have salt in it?
Why does sugar dissolve faster in hot milk than cold?
Why was there the Chicago meat packing?
Why is meat good for teanages?
Why cant you eat meat in Hinduism?
Why is bread a saprophyte?
Why is coconut miscible in some solvents?
Why does noodles mean long life?
Why is calcium needed for?
Why is boiled milk used for yogurt producion?
Why are vegatable oils better for cooking?
Why is wholegrain bread healthy?
Why is cooking a egg a endothermic reaction?
Why is Canadian bacon called ham?
Why is Brautwurst grey?
Why would you put sugar in yeast?
Why does your gas barbecue not get hot enough?
Why do strawberries have leaves?
Why is the pH of lemon greater than that of orange?
Why does salt granules disappear in salt without stirring?
Why is a hamburger not made with ham?
Why is France famous famous for cheese?
Why is butter added to sauce prior to serving?
Why would someone come up to a friend and you and ask who is peanut butter and who is bacon?
Why is lard and butter used in pastry?
Why is there tomatoes in salsa Makes it taste good?
Why do sugars have the large number of stereoisomers?
Why does your potato produce less power than your lemon?
Why is water and sugar a mixture?
Why do people eat ready meals?
Why should boys and girls learne to prepare and preserve food?
Why is it difficult to grow enough food to feed the people in Himalayan countries such as Nepal?
Why is equipment used based on cooking method?
Why is sir lancelot is know so well?
Why do you use salt and sugar to preserve foods?
Why is rib eye steak best for cooking?
Why do cows sneeze cheese?
Why do cancer survivors avoid soy flour?
Why did people start toasting bread?
Why is salt water bad for lettuce?
Why do people like butter?
Why are vegetable crunchy?
Why do Germans eat with a fork in there left hand and a knife in the right?
Why do you spray the top of a pizza before cooking it?
Why do some athletes take bananas before their race?
Why did you choose this carrer in hotel industry?
Why do people put salt in pan when cooking?
Why is cooking an example of chemical change?
Why did fast food companies start to sell fatty foods?
Why is spreadable butter bad for you?
Why do jawbreakers make me dizzy I have never had a jawbreaker until recently I bought one and after I have been sucking on it for a while I get REALLY dizzy and lose my balance?
Why do they make pop cans?
Why do the pancakes turn out round?
Why is microwaved food carcinogens?
Why does a lemon battery work?
Why should chefs used a badge and hair nets when around foods?
Why is there flour on the bottom of your cake?
Why did fast food companies start to by their food from factories?
Why do you cook eggs?
Why does cooking salt dissolve in water?
Why do you need peanuts?
Why can cheese be substituted for meat?
Why is milk boiled before making cheese?
Why do you call a sandwich a butty?
Why are genetically modified foods used?
Why does white sugar produce more rock candy than brown sugar?
Why do tomatoes go rotten?
Why are wooden spoons safer to use than metal spoons when cooking?
Why are enzymes use foods?
Why should you keep rye flour in refrigerator if not in used?
Why is icecream good?
Why is earth like a melted cheese sandwich?
Why are cucumbers green and look like ds?
Why do you use salt on the icy roads?
Why do potatoes cause gas?
Why is mozzarella the most popular cheese in America?
Why do people use pesticides or chemical substance in food?
Why is it that iceberg lettuce causes acid reflex?
Why is calamari round?
Why do they call hamburger meat hamburger meat?
Why is freezing food before deep frying necessary?
Why does plant not grow in salt water?
Why are the vedgetables packed down weights in the jar in fermentation and pickling?
Why does pulla bread not contain butter?
Why does my tomato sauce taste acidy?
Why do potato cubesrot so fast in salt water?
Why do many countries around the Caribbean grow sugarcane coffee and bananas?
Why do you put salt on the ice cream tube?
Why is it important to have meals at regular intervals?
Why is it important to defrost food fully before cooking?
Why is Belgium famous for its chocolate?
Why did bobby eat a noodle?
Why do crackers break?
Why does a potato react with H2O2?
Why did Irish people encounter potato disease?
Why is it important to put on a proper attire when you are working in the food service?
Why is cooking food thoroughly a good way to reduce the risk of disease caused by eating certain foods?
Why does banana peel make you positive on a drug test?
Why is bologna spelled so funny?
Why is pizza considered awesome?
Why do you need to wear clean clothing for cooking?
Why are cashews not sold in the shell like peanuts?
Why is flour measuring similar to brown surgar measuring?
Why did Keebler stop making the fudge sandwich cookie?
Why are there so many different styles of cheerios?
Why is miso soup an accquired taste?
Why do you need flour to bake cookies?
Why does ricotta cheese spoil fast?
Why is a taste test needed to properly evaluate make or buy decisions?
Why do oranges not have seeds?
Why has the price of cocoa beans rised?
Why was peanut butter jelly time sang?
Why are tomatos and bananas not haets?
Why is it called a hamburger if it is made beef?
Why is it important to defrost food before cooking?
Why do you need to use flour in bread?
Why does a banana keep popping up in smoothie quiz?
Why do the younger banana plant grow so closely to the parent plant?
Why is a japenese diet healthier?
Why is added to food?
Why do people love eating poo?
Why do you have milk and dairy products?
Why would seeds have sugar?
Why do Americans consume so much sugar?
Why are M and Ms shaped like circles?
Why is the metal spoon more hotter than the woden spoon?
Why does mold grow on hamburgers in a zip lock bag?
Why did the walnuts turn black in your homemade cake?
Why cant you find the chocolate covered ritz in stores?
Why do you add sugar to baking?
Why should you turn off small alectrical appliances when you are through using them?
Why is it important to have organisational targets?
Why is complex agent not added to gold standard and sample prior to solvent extraction?
Why do you need to eat vintamin c every day?
Why are squash and walnuts seeds fruits?
Why do some foods stick to the plating?
Why did the grape sugar popsicle melt faster than the sugar free popsicle?
Why does peanut butter make you laugh?
Why do people like sausage and mushroom pizza?
Why is it important and necessary to defrost food thoroughly before cooking?
Why do people find sweetness to be a major flavor profile?
Why is cubed jello so much better than regular jello?
Why does the tomato clock work?
Why do you need to use different cooking methods?
Why do different cooking methods affect your health?
Why was the potato guy not going to make any money from them?
Why does the food look different when cooked?
Why do you not get sick when you eat cheese because cheese is mold?
Why are papyas healthy?
Why was the welsh national athem created?
Why does a pancake batter solidify when heated?
Why is soy sauce pasteurised?
Why do you think menu is important?
Why are bannanas grow abroad and not in the UK?
Why is it called a scheme of bananas?
Why does sugar dissolve in soda?
Why does fluidflow from the capillaries of the kidneys into the kidney tubules?
Why should you use your hand to measure temperature?
Why is boild peanuts so important to South Carolina?
Why does cooking oil freeze fast?
Why do bananas stay more yellow on a countertop?
Why is there a Natures promise lettuce recall?
Why are jalepenos dilled when they are labeled mild?
Why does beef smell when it cooks?
Why does cream make coffee lighter when milk is heavier than cream?
Why do raisins swim when baking soda and vinegar are combined?
Why are onion rings bad for you?
Why are the handles of cooking utensils made of plastic or wood?
Why is agate easy to carve?
Why does food have to be absorbed?
Why do tomatoes grow better in open air?
Why does stove made food taste better than microwaved food?
Why does koolaid need sugar?
Why dont fats gelatinize?
Why are freezing compartments put up on the fridge?
Why are cherios cherios?
Why would you ask that?
Why does baking soda mix with oil?
Why do you have the big cheese?
Why did kraft discontinue making their rolls of garlic cheese?
Why is an winter squash healthy for you?
Why are peanuts so important to Virginia?
Why do people like food grease?
Why do you have to consume peanuts after 7 days once opened?
Why does the kitchen balance scale needle not go back to zero?
Why were rock buns so named?
Why will a banana than a strawberry spoil faster than a strawberry?
Why do people cry when they chop unions?
Why is the Egg beater important?
Why does sushi come from japan?
Why is it important to be honest on a job?
Why do you crave grapefruit and sweet potatoes?
Why are different temps used in cooking?
Why dose this website suck cheese?
Why do people with first hand knowledge allow ignorant people to talk over them?
Why do Sake cups whistle?
Why does baking soda react in acetic acid?
Why do people like to grill there food?
Why is tomato ketchup so sweet?
Why do you or do you not like SPAM the food?
Why does sugar kill bean plants?
Why does cooked hamburger weigh less than uncooked?
Why is sidework and important part of providing good customer service?
Why do some states prohibit foodservice establishments from using sugar bowls at tables?
Why should volume measures always be placed on a level surface?
Why is it important to clean and sanitize any surface that comes into contact with raw poultry?
Why is the arrangement of appetizers on the plate important?
Why is sugar added when cooking fruits?
Why would foodservice operations use dried herbs and spices rather than fresh?
Why is it important to use smallwares that are NSF certified?
Why are standardized recipes important to a foodservice operation?
Why should you drink 6 glassses of water everydaygive 2 reasons?
Why is pastry so popular?
Why are supermarket not stocking goldenfry gravy?
Why did the potato crop failing cause a famine?
Why are spices added early in the cooking process?
Why do people use potatoes for clocks?
Why are potatoes so good for you?
Why is it important to serve deep fried fish and shellfish immediately after cooking?
Why does meat develop more flavor as it ages?
Why do you share 50 percent of your genes with banana?
Why are fats and oils important for us?
Why do we fold in flour?
Why does cheese scare you?
Why does your airfilter have oil in it?
Why do potatoes have so many eyes?
Why is there a knotch in a butter knife?
Why is a long cooking period unnecessary for preparing dish?
Why is kitchen layout an important aspect of food production?
Why should you not eat game meat?
Why do they ware cheese hats?
Why do some egg whites have a matalic taste and smell?
Why are there different directions for baking a boxcake?
Why do certain cooking is slow at high altitude?
Why are Emulsifiers given to ice cream?
Why is vegetable oil used in baking?
Why do beans make you gassy?
Why are most of the vegetables green in colour?
Why does mayonnaise curdle with the bamix?
Why is sucrose called a double sugar?
Why does icing sugar not dissolve in water?
Why cant a kid bring a butter knife to school?
Why can you buy potatoes in the winter?
Why do teeth rot in soda?
Why is a shooting satr better then a hamburger?
Why is your bread doughy?
Why are postions in management more demanding?
Why is it that banana leaf is used as food packaging?
Why is marketing mcdonalds to children an issue?
Why is cheese a prokaryote?
Why is employment outlook for the foodservice industry so positive?
Why do you eat healthy dishes?
Why does goa have a production of coconuts?
Why does the US not have ketchup chips?
Why is phosphorus important to things?
Why are 5 crackers used?
Why is it important to disinfect cleaning equipment such as squeegees?
Why do tomato products hurt your stomach?
Why do Jews have 2 complete sets of dishes and cooking pots?
Why was the reese peanut butter cups invented?
Why is hamburger tested negative for starch?
Why do peanuts have a shell?
Why do you need to wear an apron whilst cooking?
Why is glucose sweet in taste?
Why are the bones of younger animals preferred for stock?
Why are bananas shipped to market in a blue bag?
Why does a potato skin turn green under light?
Why is baking soda and vinegar important?
Why is it important to keep hot foods hot and cold food cold?
Why did they change the Twinkie flavor from Banana to Vanilla?
Why do people not eat breakfast?
Why does vingerar and oil separate?
Why did georg washiton create the peanut?
Why do you love heinz ketchup?
Why can you squash a gas but not a solid?
Why is modern American plated service considered more efficient than some other types of service?
Why do peinguins like cheese?
Why are chicken wings so bad?
Why is the inside of an oven fry squishy and hot?
Why do you need to incubate the yogurt mixture in yogurt making?
Why is it important for managers to train employees about sanitation practices?
Why is it important to analyze the marketplace when creating a new business?
Why is food part of social activities around the world?
Why is facility maintance important?
Why do you put sugar in brownies?
Why are paddle pops addictive?
Why do people react to additives?
Why do tortilla presses have food contact warning?
Why do you think this is important What are the potential consequences of not following these standards?
Why do ladyfingers that look dry start to look freash when put in water?
Why cant you see your toes?
Why is it important to save and label the suspected contaminated food?
Why is this important?
Why is this important?
Why does meat rot faster than cheese?
Why is it necessary toscale dough products?
Why do some foods last longer than others?
Why are Swedish Pancakes different from regular pancakes?
Why does milk curdle when cooking?
Why is this important to always follow this?
Why did frozen food sales weaken in the early 2000s?
Why did slaughterhouses get into meat processing?
Why is dust control important to the flour and grain mill products industry?
Why are potatoes good detectives?
Why wash a tables before cooking?
Why did your potatoe gratin curdle?
Why is salad delicous?
Why does larger have a head on it?
Why does natural peanut butter cost more than jif?
Why is salt added it to cheese?
Why did Kashi Company discontinue mighty bites?
Why can you squash a balloon and not a brick?
Why do your potatoes sink into your mince when making Shepard pie?
Why did your braised beef ribs come out tough?
Why was he Americas great peanut inventer?
Why do food companys use so much salt in food?
Why should cheese be cooked at a low temperature?
Why might it be important to differentiate rice plants by the amount of starch they contain?
Why is is important to tie your hair back when cooking?
Why should you ban peanuts from school?
Why did carver begin recommending that farmers grow peanuts?
Why does waiter only get paid a minimal amount of money?
Why is flour important in pastry?
Why did you have to ration food?
Why have restaurants stopped setting spoons on their tables?
Why does mozzarella cheese have a high moisture content?
Why is it that candy that has flour in has no tax but candy that has no flour in it has tax?
Why do you slice onion or potato thinly to view under A MICROscope?
Why do food manufacturers include fruit of vegetables in their regional food products?
Why is cooking impotant for people?
Why is there a peanut shortage at the monent?
Why do w have to report problems with food in catring?
Why does a banana get browner in the fridge than on the counter?
Why did the skeleton go to the BBQ?
Why do you need sugar in pizza dough?
Why do you need a fasting blood test if you do not have sugar?
Why are strawberries called duchesne?
Why do you tilt your bowl away from you when eating soup?
Why should you stay away from iceberg lettuce?
Why do nutritionists place certain foods at the top of the food pyramid?
Why should the dietary needs of people with health problems be considered when planning a restaruant menu?
Why is pizza chese white?
Why does watermelon go bad?
Why are there thai sushi restaurants?
Why does baking soda cause bubbles and plain water does not in the presence of electricity?
Why did they invent sushi in japan?
Why is it advisable to soak salt or smoked meats before cooking?
Why do the Chinese put a lettuce in the shop doorways for the dragon to beat with a stick?
Why does unrefrigerated potato salad make you sick?
Why do red delicious apples rotten first than golden delicious and Granny smith apple?
Why do tomatos crack while growing?
Why do your eyes get irritated after you open the oven when cooking?
Why is it important to make sure the pan is heated before you begin cooking?
Why does flour contain protein?
Why does fresh jam not spoil when berries do like if you boil and crush berries for 15m and put it in the fridge how much longer does it last than fresh berries and why?
Why cant you find pepsi one at stores?
Why is a banana poisonous when it falls from a tree?
Why is double strength broth used in some tubes of the MPN series?
Why does Soft Cheese molds the fastest?
Why does dried mango contain lots of sugar?
Why is alumunium used in saurcepans?
Why is it important to follow the correct baking temperature and time for each type of cookies?
Why is it important to take note of the use by date on dairy products?
Why do cream crackers split into 3 when you try and butter them?
Why does salt in tap water not freeze?
Why is a drink important?
Why does vinegar turn blue when it is near a microwave?
Why is Jicima good for you?
Why is copper used to make cooking utensil?
Why does breadfruit taste bitter?
Why is it safe to eat rare roast beef but not rare hamburger?
Why do French eat frogs but English eat toads?
Why does toothpaste contain baking soda?
Why do people eat goats and frog legs?
Why do so many people like toast better than regular bread?
Why did Kim plant lia beans?
Why are baked beans called that when they are actually boiled?
Why is there so many different types of shortbread?
Why can you not remove mold from bread?
Why do cereal have to be cooked?
Why are bananas green before they turn yellow?
Why does iodine dissolve in cooking oil?
Why does Miller Lite keep you from falling asleep?
Why does Swiss cheese mold faster than cheddar cheese?
Why is olive oil good for you What are the pros of it?
Why are you so crazy that you would break your wrist on purpose?
Why is squash mushy?
Why is shopping a complicated process today?
Why does locally grown food cost more than other food?
Why are jacket potatos healthy?
Why are green beans good for you?
Why is your stomach suddenly getting upset by bananas?
Why do people crave brocolli or lettuce daily?
Why was food choices more limited in the past?
Why do we include greens in the diet?
Why cant you give infant kids peanuts?
Why is gelatine ised in cooking?
Why might some people cook la paella?
Why are bananas good for children i dont know?
Why does Jujube tastes sour?
Why can fungi make their own food?
Why does a pomelo have such a big peel?
Why is baking soda paste applied on the part of the body stung by a bee?
Why does the oven temperature for popovers change part way through the baking process?
Why does salt turn grass yellow?
Why does bicarb soda not taste good but when you cook it with other stuff it tastes nice?
Why do Americans overcook bacon?
Why was the potato gun invented?
Why is it important for a cereal manufacturer to know the volume of each cereal box?
Why is it easy to squash a gas but hard to squash a solid?
Why do you intake food?
Why is the pie blue?
Why do you have food for body?
Why do you cover the pot or kettle when cooking?
Why should you consume iodine?
Why does in mold grow on any bread that has salt vinegar sugar an in the fridge solution on it?
Why are your Premium crackers packaged in paper that is impossible to open without knife or scissors while the oyster crackers are in paper that is impossible to use without tearing?
Why is it essential to understand the requirements of the work?
Why does cooking oil have a lower density than water?
Why does food brown when deep frying?
Why do chicken wings taste good?
Why does baking powder contain aluminum?
Why is Vegemite a Aussie icon?
Why do different temperatures of eggs boil differently?
Why are there hot and cold spots in food that is microwaved?
Why does your food have the after taste like shortening texture or vegetable oil?
Why is it important to not cook and taste with the same spoon?
Why are beans sorted?
Why would a cherry tomato be in the middle of a density container?
Why is there folds on the side of the cupcake baking cups?
Why is lemon juice or cream of tartar added to sugar syrup?
Why should you select that packiging that is not torn?
Why does sucking on a spoon or metal utensil supposedly stop your eyes from watering when chopping onions Is there any reason behind this belief or is it just a myth?
Why is mac and cheese a color?
Why do people like teaming lemon tart with chip and dips?
Why do people like spaghetti?
Why are some oil cloudy when stored in refrigerator?
Why are chesnuts called horse chesnuts?
Why is the eatwell plate useful?
Why was the pressure cook show cancelled?
Why do you keep smelling cheese?
Why is sweet potato a suitable war time food?
Why are steel pans not cleaned by cooking rhubarb?
Why do strawberries produce more DNA than bananas?
Why are ready meals so expensive?
Why do you heat milk before adding bacteria into yohgurt?
Why are cheese bugers unhealthy?
Why do egg whites make a stable foam when beaten?
Why is chicken salt chicken salt?
Why should you stop picking food?
Why do you keep going to toilet?
Why is task necessary?
Why are fish proteins more liable to microbial growth?
Why are waffles called waffles?
Why is water placed in unused muffin cups before baking?
Why do people think that a potato is not a vegetable?
Why cant they make a vegetable taste like mcdonalds?
Why does peanut butter mold faster than jelly?
Why is nutella so successful?
Why is bread crust so nasty?
Why do you celebraet pancake day?
Why does romaine lettuce last longer than others?
Why does a charged balloon attract the salt?
Why do you place water in unused muffin cups before baking?
Why did doritos stop making 3ds?
Why was governor Phillip so concerned about feeding the passengers and the crew fresh fruit and vegetables?
Why do you cover a pot when cooking?
Why does pancake Tuesday exist?
Why do people call pancake day shrove Tuesday?
Why would it not be okay?
Why is flour enriched in animal crackers?
Why do you blanched chicken?
Why is your Pyrex casserole dish etched and cloudy?
Why should you eat vitamin A enriched food?
Why does custard go thick when you heat it up?
Why do people think Gatorade tastes bad?
Why does cooking spray dry nails faster?
Why is everyone in your family starting to get stiff necks?
Why is simmering often a better cooking method for vegetables than boiling?
Why are Colorado muffin cakes important to the US?
Why should you measure before you sift flour?
Why do spoons used for cooking pots often have a plastic or wooden handles?
Why do you eat fish every Friday at school?
Why is cheese play an important role in Italy cuisine?
Why is the sweet potato rated number one among vegetables?
Why do granny smith apples not taste as good as you remember?
Why does a potato foam when put in hydrogen peroxide?
Why is it that peeling onions made you cry?
Why do they use tomatoes in la tomatine?
Why is the capacity of milk in 2 different capacities?
Why does vindaloo make you stay on the toilet for ages?
Why are red peppers red?
Why do some people celebrate pancake day?
Why do teenagers try lots of new foods?
Why do teenagers try new food?
Why is pokey Jon so creepy?
Why does a raw egg continue spinning after stopped?
Why is a new stick of gum covered in aluminum paper?
Why does salt not disolve in water anser?
Why do smelling banana helps on losing weight?
Why do you keep hot foods hot and cold food cold?
Why is the food processing important?
Why did Lewis rose eat poo?
Why should school lunches have more variety?
Why does a purple light make a banana black?
Why is it not advisable to grind soft drink when one is hungry?
Why dont you include things like bananas and pineapples onour list of natural resources?
Why is lettuce leaf in contact with water remains crisp?
Why was the currency called the banana notes?
Why does hamburger turn green?
Why did quaker oats stop producing the meltable dionsouar eggs in their oatmeal?
Why is food made?
Why does bacon bubble?
Why does human rectum smell like cheese?
Why does a ripe banana make tomatoes ripen?
Why does salt make soda explode?
Why dosa develops tiny holes as you spread the batter?
Why are there wooden rollers on salt pans?
Why is corn so important to Kansas?
Why does travel make you hungry?
Why do the greek culture have so many daily routines?
Why do you saute the onions before you cook them?
Why do different sugars have different mobilities?
Why is hamburger called a hambuger if theirs no ham on it?
Why do families have their own scents?
Why do you get a sugar rush?
Why can the potato virus infect only a potato and not a human?
Why is pork belly a poular dish?
Why is jelly so wobbly?
Why is there salt in the world?
Why is it important to observe Safe and Hygienic working practices in catering?
Why would you like to joyin this restaurant?
Why do tin cans have different shapes?
Why can you squash gasses but cannot squash solids and liquids?
Why do you add water to bread mixture?
Why do you add water to the bread mixture?
Why do you use sugar in your cakes?
Why would you sprinkle parsley onto scrambled egg?
Why is there no Swiss chalet in the US?
Why does bread not taste sweet even though it has sugar in it?
Why do tostones taste like potato chips?
Why is meat is marinated in wine?
Why does a lettuce leaf become stiff?
Why do crackers not taste sweet but have sugar?
Why did longhorns in coral springs close down?
Why did supermarkets stop carrying frozen pancake batter?
Why does corned beef turn brown while cooking?
Why does bread mold in the dark?
Why is aluminium often used as a building or cooking material if it reacts with oxygen?
Why are ice creams fermented?
Why is a person in so many employees is being treated with extra attention and at times harshness from her day one and what is harm appreciating when one really is dedicated?
Why should meat be rested after cooking?
Why does a bananas decompose faster than a kiwi apple?
Why did tobacco change to sugar?
Why is sugar and water a solution?
Why do you need glass jars for jam?
Why does shaking cream in a bag not speed the process of making butter?
Why did the bologna rott first than the peanut butter and jelly sandwhich?
Why are potatos a popular crop to grow in Ireland?
Why do some foods taste less good when re heated?
Why do crackers contain bad jokes?
Why is milk important in baking?
Why is it that peanut butter melts in your mouth?
Why does vinegar and baking soda?
Why do they use a food bin at farms?
Why is cheese awsome?
Why does the pilot light on your gas grill shoot flames after its lit?
Why do you need to clean before you go?
Why do peanuts have no cholesterol?
Why did peter piper pizza close?
Why is Chinese popular in Trinidad?
Why did the red sale in galway close down?
Why do people like fried food?
Why do you taste sweetness?
Why do you need to cover cuts and sores with blue waterproof dressings when cooking?
Why does cooking oil dissolve in alcohol but not water?
Why are you so upset lately?
Why does the banana root faster in the sun then in the dark?
Why is Gordan Ramsay famous?
Why does popcorn move when vinegar is added to water?
Why do you use flour in making a pizza?
Why is there mold on your butter?
Why is there spots all over your egg is it a disease?
Why is yogurt so delicious?
Why is the temperature so important in cheese making?
Why is there fat in cookies butter and vegtibal shorting and half the butter and vegtibal oil and sour cream?
Why can you not find the non stick in the blue can with flour in it any more?
Why are foods refined?
Why are yellow bananas called triploid organisms?
Why is it better to wash dishes with hot water than cold water?
Why does butter have yellow color?
Why is necessary to check a liquid at eye level?
Why do many metal cooking untensils have woonden handles?
Why is high pressure steaming faster than atmospheric steaming?
Why is Irish potatoes best for making chips?
Why is CNG gas not used in cooking?
Why do bananas turn yellow quicker when mixed with other fruits?
Why do people put salt on fruit?
Why is maple sap so watery?
Why didnt your hamburger turn brown while cooking it?
Why do you like sweet potatoes?
Why do you not carry more salt free potato chips?
Why do you have to have a hygiene check?
Why should school serve healthy lunches?
Why was food rastion?
Why does jack praise thre bread andd butter algernon offers him?
Why do they put vegetable oil in soda?
Why might cooking foods in boiling water reduce their mineral content?
Why does prawn crackers taste so good?
Why are cut tomatoes considered potentially hazardous food?
Why does the bubble break as it keeps expanding?
Why did your stir fried chicken come out tough?
Why are breakfast cereals enriched with vitamins and irons?
Why is it easy to drink water from a porcelain glass?
Why are butter beans called butter beans?
Why are fast foods better than healthy foods?
Why does liquids take the shell of eggs?
Why do people onley cook pancakes on shrove Tuesday?
Why does penut butter have more protein per gram than a hard boiled egg?
Why do you have to soak eggplant before cooking it?
Why do you get knob cheese?
Why is sugar water is not healthy?
Why does a boy call a girl sugar?
Why does an ovum have an food store?
Why do coconut macarons stick sooo badly to the pan?
Why does takaiya suck chodes?
Why did they change snorks look on the banana splits?
Why are microwave bag so large with only a small space taken up by corn kernels?
Why are kebabs grilled and not cooked in any other ways?
Why is jam nice?
Why do people enjoy eating snacks?
Why should potatoes be stored away from light?
Why are partially hydrogenated fats useful when making potato chips?
Why is high fibre food good for you?
Why should you take cookies out of the oven a little bit before they are done?
Why does a tomato provide static through head phones?
Why are pastry doughs made with butter often more difficult to handle than those made with shortening?
Why does cheese need to be refridgerated?
Why did rachel ray want to become a chef?
Why did your clam chowder turn bitter?
Why are eggs good for breakfast?
Why do you prserve foods?
Why is my Pastry crumbly?
Why does baking soda effect salt water?
Why has international cooking become so popular in Britain?
Why did your pickles shrivel and shrink after trying to make tobasco pickles?
Why is it unsafe to eat spoilt food?
Why is cream more dense than milk?
Why is it shocking to realize that a girl was daily being ransacked?
Why are Some of my tomato leaves are getting black on them and curling?
Why does flour become batter when added to water?
Why does cheese taste so awesome?
Why did Edward Haas invent PEZ?
Why was the event of making a hamburger so important to Dave thomas?
Why does lemonade fizz when you drop a mint in it?
Why is ginger traditionally surved with sushi?
Why do cotton farmers plant peanuts?
Why is salt used in baking cookies?
Why does a 7 inch banana have a greater mass then a 5 inch banana?
Why are vegetable kept in cold water after boiling?
Why is butter the only thing that has the same number of fluid ounces and dry ounces?
Why is consomme strained through muslin cloth?
Why do people make peanut butter and jelly sanwitchs?
Why is goldfish crackers important to people?
Why do you think labels are use full for consumers?
Why is bacon salting?
Why do food labels give the name and address of the company that made the food?
Why does your body need fat and sugar?
Why are use Carboxymethyl cellulose in cake?
Why are lady fingers called lady fingers?
Why was food important to the renaissance?
Why doese a jam jar have 145 grams in it?
Why are biscuits a tradition to eat in Engalnd?
Why does the rind rise in home made marmalade?
Why would ground pepper clump and smell like ammonia?
Why do muffins have white fuzz?
Why is Louisiana seafood so important?
Why do salted vegetables lose water?
Why do some forks have 3 prongs and some have 4?
Why is ironin macaroni and cheese?
Why do you drink milk of magnesia?
Why does your stomach bloat after eating bread?
Why does milk being hauled in a tanker truck not turn into butter?
Why is sugar a factor in a mentos experiment?
Why is knowledge based on experience?
Why is bob asking this question?
Why should gingerbread man not be eaten?
Why is cheese mouldy?
Why does cream cheese frosting go runny?
Why are some food better than others food?
Why do tomatoes go from green to red?
Why did I find a green bean in a can of sliced potatoes?
Why are bananas considered bad luck on charter fishing trips?
Why do Cubans eat pollo a la barbacoa?
Why does a child needs to eat a lot of protein?
Why is it important to keep all kitchen surfaces clean?
Why does salt lower the temprature?
Why do you drool when you see delicious food?
Why are leavening agent cooked at two temperatures?
Why does potatoes go in cold water instead of hot?
Why are people smoking in Resturants?
Why is salt insoluble?
Why is there no salt on your crackers?
Why is an egg regarded as a highly nutritious food?
Why were eggs hard to get in world war 1?
Why do peanuts go mouldy?
Why does champagne in warm room go flat?
Why did the potato blight?
Why is food safety in pumpkins so important?
Why does the sound get off when playing diner dash or cooking dash?
Why does stale milk decolourise when it is boiled?
Why are some sugars not metabolized by yeast while other sugars are?
Why are stingray called pancake fish?
Why does your 7 layer salad get watery?
Why do some foods have holes in them?
Why are ATP and NADPH required to produce sugar?
Why does salt prevent water absorption?
Why do canned tomato products add citric acid?
Why are some cooking pots made of copper but not tin?
Why do you all of a sudden get super hungry?
Why have bread manufacturers had to produce higher fibre bread products?
Why is a hot squash ball harder to squash than a cold one?
Why is gardening fun?
Why is yeast important in food production?
Why does a water lettuce live in swamps?
Why does Steak remain in the stomach longer than hamburger?
Why do they put sea salt on caramel candy?
Why does mineral water have calcium?
Why do you get a swallow face when you eat sugar?
Why is sucrose called cane sugar?
Why does white sugar produces more CO2 than brown sugar?
Why should cafeteria food be cheap?
Why are your chicken and dumplings foaming and smelling like farts?
Why do people throw peanut shells on the floor at Texas Roadhouse restaurants?
Why does a Pepsi gives bitter taste after eating any sweet dish?
Why does your ferrets lick their fur after licking peanut butter?
Why would you not want a metal handle on a pot you are cooking with?
Why does spaghetti sauce stain?
Why is salt necessary to extract DNA?
Why do bananas fill you up?
Why does a sweet bread break up when cutting could it be too much baking powder?
Why is luminous flame used for cooking?
Why is oil unheathly?
Why is your bread hollow inside?
Why do the bread dont get moldy in the refrigerator?
Why is it not possible to mix a fixed amount of water with a fixed amount of flour and always get a consistent dough?
Why do eggs get dry and rubbery when you cook them?
Why does coke erupt with salt?
Why did idek beat elie up in front of the french girl?
Why do pots for cooking have handles made of wood or rubber?
Why are sugarcane and sugar beet rich in sugar?
Why does meat have diseases?
Why are tomatoes a popular vegtable to grow?
Why do your horses paw at their food bowl?
Why do serve tomato juice with meals?
Why does coconut milk curdle when heating?
Why does the smell of hot food reaches you from several metre but not of cold food?
Why do bananas get dark in the center?
Why are the leaves turning brown on cherry tomato?
Why do sliced bananas turn black?
Why do elderly people feel a loss of appetite or have poor nutrition?
Why does flour slows down the melting of ice?
Why is meat not good for girls?
Why do you have to have blood sugar?
Why is your daddy eatting porridge for lunch with bananas?
Why are some breakfast cereals fortified?
Why might growing tomatoes in the winter damage the environment?
Why do we a lot of bread?
Why is fish soup with rice healthful?
Why should you select the hospitality industry?
Why are jalapenos so adictive?
Why is peanuts the greatest comic strip of all time?
Why do people bite their tongues?
Why is Canadian food so bad?
Why do the Irish drink so much tea?
Why does salt taste less salt with vinegar on fries?
Why does a banana have such a short life?
Why is food important to Japanese culture?
Why would someone crave raw potatoes?
Why do you use cold butter to make biscuits and scones?
Why is lamb popular in the middle east?
Why would you like to work for mr pickles?
Why does the bbq pressure regulator get icy cold?
Why is margrine thicker than butter?
Why is coconut bread important in venenzula?
Why is vinegar added to potato chips?
Why do resorts get higher per capita food and beverage revenues than do traditional hotels?
Why should you not stew topside?
Why are the stems splitting on your squash plants?
Why is Francis bacon a hero?
Why do you eat cooked food?
Why does unprocessed food dont stay for long period and processed stays foor longer period?
Why does banana beat records have a 403 error?
Why would someone use a magnet over potatoes in a store?
Why cant you store bananas and tomatoes together?
Why did Germany invade some places and not others?
Why should food taste good?
Why are bananas more expensive in CA than other states?
Why is there seaweed in incecream?
Why do people need different type of food?
Why would turkey meat go black after cooking?
Why is a potato a veggie?
Why is a time plan important when planning and making a recipe?
Why does acidic water cause potatoes to remain firm?
Why do bananas get packed into crates?
Why do bananas need stickers?
Why do you crush rock salt when extracting the salt?
Why is seitin called wheat meat?
Why dont they make no more hot chetto asteroid balls?
Why is colour important in presentation and how can we use foods and their colour to your advantage?
Why did jaffacakes go to court to prove they were a cake not a biscuit?
Why do certain foods make us gag?
Why are peanuts important to the world?
Why cant a pomeranian eat peoples food?
Why did Jeremiah send butter from Jerusalem?
Why is Marc a peanut head?
Why should butter or salve never be used to relieve burn pain?
Why is bread such a common food in France?
Why is it bad manners to wear a hat at the food table?
Why does you poop smell like rotten egg?
Why do some healthy food has sugar in it?
Why do some green bananas not ripen?
Why do you hate sugar?
Why does your aluminum foil have holes after being in refrigerator overnight on casserole?
Why is it called pea wack soup?
Why does it take water to digest food?
Why is ketchup and mayo good?
Why do pizzas have a circular shape?
Why is ice cubes unpopular in Germany?
Why is broccoli the healthiest vegetable in the world?
Why is the banana skin slippery?
Why should teens drink 3 cups of milk a day?
Why do people often wrap sandwiches in kitchen foil for a picnic?
Why are most chefs men and not women?
Why are there black bits in the flour when you make bread in a bread machine?
Why dont they make popcorn chicken anymore?
Why does Norway eat so much oats corn potatoes and barley?
Why is salt in chunks?
Why is your lemon curd crunchy?
Why are grapefruits carnivorous?
Why did the pollo loco close?
Why is a peanut a dicot?
Why are Kinder Surprise illegal in the US?
Why do power window feature stops when you leave the ignition open?
Why should food be properly cooked?
Why are most flour mixtures baked in the middle of the oven?
Why does hot water make baking soda crystals grow?
Why are the grains of wheat washed and dried in the sun before grinded into flour?
Why are cultures used in yogurt?
Why should lettuce be grown thin?
Why is hanging smoked salmon out to dry important?
Why were the Florida cowboys called crackers?
Why is baking powder better for baking?
Why do they crunch there food?
Why was starlink considered a problem?
Why is pebbles bad for lettuce?
Why is functional food a trend?
Why does spicy sauce clean pennies better than mild and BBQ?
Why are ready meals high in salt?
Why are ready meals so high in salt?
Why are marshmallows only pink and white?
Why should food be presented?
Why is flour fammable?
Why is that when you boil a salt solution salt remain behind?
Why do humans need the monarch butter fly?
Why are your tomato buds drying up?
Why should tomatoes be avoided in kidney diseases?
Why do most people hate broccoli?
Why do bread get molded?
Why is it a better idea to choose fresh fruit for a snack instead of candy?
Why do you need butter flys?
Why do potatoes have more power than tomatoes?
Why did they call the marshmallow with chocolite and gram cracker a smore?
Why does acids slow soda down from evaporating?
Why does white sugar dissolve in water?
Why does lemon juice make lettuce turn brown?
Why are cultural meals popular in the UK?
Why does the price of olive oil differ because of the means of extraction?
Why is fruit cooked by high pressure steam?
Why do they use golden syrup in ANZAC cookies?
Why are grapes red and green?
Why is seaweed the healthiest natural food?
Why is defrosting food through quick means bad?
Why is salt added while cooking dal?
Why is a toast without butter good for a person?
Why does Britain love curry?
Why was egg vegetarian?
Why did the brits like Canadian flour better then American Flour?
Why cant water creachers eat bananas?
Why did the price of chocolate go up in the movie willy wonka?
Why do people love bacon?
Why is radiation used in cooking?
Why do pinto beans expand?
Why does the arrow in a food chain point towards the animal that eat the food?
Why does too much butter cause cookies to taste bad?
Why did the government in rome thought it was necessary to provide bread and circuses?
Why is peanut butter a light brown?
Why was peanut butter called peanut butter?
Why are so many people wanting the same thing every day?
Why is manj a freshy?
Why do people eat strawberries?
Why are microbes in your foods?
Why does more smoke come out of a burning tortilla waffle etc when cooking it over an open flame AFTER the flame is turned off?
Why is peanut butter important for your body?
Why is there no butter or fuel number the stars comprehension questions?
Why is lettuce good for rabbits?
Why should you practice good food hygiene?
Why do you wash glasses and cups first when washing up?
Why do you kneed bread dough?
Why does a white unprinted paper does not get heated in a microwave while a potato does?
Why do apples float with chocolate sauce on them?
Why do hot liquids dissolve solids faster than cold liquids?
Why is banana useful microbes?
Why do different people require different diets?
Why is the colour of cooking gas blue?
Why does vegetables releases water after adding salt while cooking?
Why is beef the least commonly used in the Caribbean?
Why is bread more solid than liquid?
Why do people put really stupid questions?
Why is the banana creek marsh ecyosystem important?
Why does silken have a mustash?
Why is tomato juice the state drink for Ohio?
Why is tomato ketchup sold by weight but brown sauce sold by mls?
Why is this the most important room in the chocolate factory?
Why is sauteed fish consumable the same day when served with mustard sauce?
Why is Henry john Heinz important to Pittsburgh?
Why do restaurants offer buffets?
Why is your romaine lettuce brown?
Why is food cantamination bad?
Why do some doughnnuts do not have holes?
Why do butter flies like flower?
Why do butter fly like flower?
Why is broccoli called broccoli and shrimp called shrimp?
Why should you eat correctly?
Why are the tomato and chili both considered to be fruits?
Why do we use cardboard to make pizza boxes?
Why is panera bread called panera bread?
Why would a baker use inequalities?
Why is it necessary to boil the butter and water together and only then add the flour for choux pastery?
Why is contact grilling considered to be a healthy method of cooking?
Why did the penny lickers spread TB in England?
Why is there ketchup and sugar in bread?
Why is it that when cooking in an uncovered pot of water there is more heat required?
Why is eating a Healthy breakfast so important?
Why do ants like peanut butter?
Why is it that hamburgers never have ham on it?
Why do you put limestone in bread?
Why is the mass a meal?
Why does strawberries and bananas rot?
Why is a tomato sauce healthier than a cream sauce?
Why are saucepans aluminium these days?
Why does food taboos make societies different?
Why are bramley apples vest for cooking?
Why are they banning school french fries?
Why do wonder bread packages have balloon on them?
Why do you soak legumes before cooking?
Why do people like eating packed food more than normal food?
Why do people try to be creative in cooking?
Why is it importat to soak chicken in the ice water after cooked?
Why is broccoli a suitable vegetable for low pressure steaming?
Why is a snow cone a snow cone?
Why is it suitable for low pressure steaming broccoli?
Why does bread and milk cost more now then in 1998?
Why is fairtrade so important to bananas growers?
Why is you butter the bread with butter a satanic band?
Why does some popcorn pop more than others?
Why cant you finds south beach peanut butter bars?
Why are here brown spots on leafs of tomato plants?
Why is saffron used in cooking?
Why was bread not part of the weekly rationd in world war 2?
Why is there a difference in cooking times when different things are cooking?
Why cant you uses a cooking utensile of cardboard?
Why do Japanese use ginger in their cooking?
Why would a metal cooking skillet be made with a wooden handle?
Why is it important to calculate the time for cooking?
Why is it important to drink a lot of fluid?
Why do you want work for the Ottolenghi group field?
Why do you get a stomach ache from peanut butter?
Why does a lighted peanut heat water?
Why do preservatives stop bread mold from growing?
Why would a peanut lose heat energy when heated?
Why is salt a good preservative on meat?
Why do you need to eat more of protein?
Why is bread important to France?
Why did they discontinue sandwich spread you loved it as long as you can remember Could Oscar Meyer please reconsider?
Why is bread glazed with milk?
Why would you want to garnish a cocktail?
Why do you have a food minister?
Why do they eat sea food other than your food?
Why does toasted bread decompose faster than regular bread?
Why did Donna hay start cooking?
Why is cooking oil handy?
Why is chocolate not healthy for you?
Why did the ancient Romans eat bread and chesse?
Why is a mouse unique?
Why should salt contain in syrup?
Why cant you use ridged based utensils on belling 335 si?
Why does garlic go blue when cooking in foil with lemon juice?
Why do they advertise chocolate?
Why is it important to clean cooking utensils?
Why do you mix rice and dal while eating?
Why do jammie dodgers have a heart in the middle?
Why is throwing away food bad?
Why do they call a hamburger when there is no ham in it?
Why did people discover chocolate?
Why is farfalle with pesto and bacon healthy?
Why is it important to have different methods of cooking fish?
Why do some teddy grahams have their arms up and the others down?
Why does spray cream disappear after a few minutes?
Why is iodised salt better than non iodised salt?
Why did Paul Bunyan eat so many pancakes?
Why does chicken taste nice?
Why is the pressure lower each year you open the pool?
Why is mrvan daans theft of the bread such a serious offense?
Why are legumes and lentils considered a good substitute for meat?
Why is exotic food harmful?
Why does raw hamburger have change in color?
Why is pizza made from dough?
Why is it important to conserve nutrients when cooking?
Why am i stupid and cant learn instead of going on the internet?
Why did your cooking stone break when you cooked a frozen pizza?
Why do people in Nevada like sourdough bread?
Why is food made in Ontario healther than food made in other countries brought to Ontario?
Why doesnot allowed to work permit visa Singapore in nepalies?
Why do you keep a refrigerator in your home?
Why is there butter in macaroni cheese?
Why is hummus used with pita bread?
Why are some chocolate companies unethical?
Why might eating fruit cause a headache?
Why did the chip beat the carrot in a race?
Why do colombia people eat what they eat?
Why would it be weird to talk about the median of a categorical variable like sandwich type?
Why was bread needed for in the world war?
Why did my nightmare last night put me off eating Meat?
Why is cheese important culturally to France?
Why did you eat food?
Why is lard used in bread?
Why can height and weight be a problem in health?
Why do some things cook faster than others in the microwave?
Why do you add sugar to vegetables while cooking?
Why does your strawberry jam turn dark after canning Do canning companys put something in it to keep it the bright red?
Why do you add butter to cheese sauce?
Why do Uruguayans eat what they eat?
Why is bread nutritious?
Why do oranges turn white when they get old?
Why are Fruit Loops not sold in the UK?
Why is wholemeal bread a healthier source of starch than white bread?
Why do you prefer pressure cooker rather than ordinary containers at hill stations for cooking food?
Why is a kiwi fruit green inside?
Why do you add milk to a roux sauce?
Why do plums go rotten in a few days but prunes stay edible for weeks even mounths?
Why do you get easily scared when mix sprite and Gatorade as a drink?
Why does bread swells up on cooking?
Why does a cooking foil starts spinning after a while when heated over a candle flame?
Why is sensory analysis carried out?
Why is tunisan food spicy?
Why was greek salad important to the Greeks?
Why is my hand sticky after dipping my hand in honey?
Why does prawns turn red while cooking?
Why should you wear a mask when cooking?
Why do people eat less when it gets warm?
Why do you need red meat?
Why is Nutritional information useful?
Why do Japanese snack so much?
Why do people say brownbread instead of wholegrain bread?
Why do Indian people eat a lot of bread?
Why does activia yogurt give you gas?
Why does food spoilage appear rapid when microbes are on food?
Why is oil added to water for cooking pasta?
Why does the milk curdled when mix into vinegar?
Why is honey so funny?
Why should cooking oil be added to cooking water when cooking pasta?
Why is a dieticians role important in some careers?
Why is food salted?
Why is ceildgh so depressed?
Why is scrapple gray?
Why is there perspiration on food?
Why is southend famous?
Why is it nationality and ethnicity are included in your food preferences?
Why do young people like bubble tea?
Why is your butterscotch pudding not setting up?
Why do school children prefer fast food more a compared to home made food?
Why is the dairy section location in the back of an store?
Why are things kept silver foil and not in any thing else?
Why do you want to work in KFC?
Why do people prefer different tastes?
Why are red bell peppers more expensive then green bell peppers?
Why do people work to get sense?
Why do some foods have high energy values?
Why does Americans eat hamburgers and fries rather than noodles and rice?
Why is risk assessment important in the food production?
Why does food and drink taste better outside?
Why does cooking oil spit?
Why do they call non fastfood returaunts just resturaunts not slow food?
Why would iron not be suitable for cooking with?
Why is teavana tea so expensive?
Why are some foods appropriate for some age groups and not for others?
Why does food have nutrients?
Why do you harvest food?
Why is it important to know the methods of cooking?
Why do some crackers have holes in them?
Why has the price of pine nuts increased?
Why are bubbles seen on metals when you heat it with water?
Why do pork chops turn white and steaks turn brown when you cook them?
Why do people think it is wrong to spray tomatoes?
Why does Chinese food have no cheese?
Why is a yougurt good to have in your packed lunch?
Why are raising agents important?
Why did the student eat his homework other than a piece of cake?
Why do you think street food became less important in the 1940s compared to the early 1900s?
Why is it important to defrost a whole chicken thoroughly before cooking?
Why did Man v Food change to Man v Food Nation?
Why is aluminium used in cooking equipment?
Why does a hot dog burst went boiled in water?
Why do lobsters turn bright red when boiled?
Why did Adam on man vs food stop eating the food?
Why is short and medium rice popular in china and japan?
Why do bureau of food and drugs write all of the ingredients in a certain food product?
Why does kobyashi no longer compete in the hot dog eating contest?
Why is esther McCarthy soo over weight?
Why does the US throw out 96 million pounds of food a year?
Why is it important to cook all grains brfore eating them?
Why does oatmeal cause your stomach to hurt?
Why are weiners packed per 10 and hot dog buns packed per 8?
Why do raw foods have more starch than boiled food?
Why does cheese always land face down?
Why is milk important in baked products?
Why should food not be overcooked?
Why is ripe fruit easier to pick?
Why should table Etiquette and good Eating Habits should be observe?
Why were lucky charms called lucky charms?
Why do people have school meals?
Why should table etiquette be observed?
Why do food products have food labels?
Why does bran create gas?
Why does your finished peanut brittle remain somewhat tacky to the touch?
Why are so many people asking questions about lativia?
Why do you prefer cooked food to raw food?
Why is water important in food service?
Why do people in cold place eat a lot of nonvegetarian food?
Why are some can goods are softer and shinier than fruits?
Why do manager must check the product first before initialing the label?
Why do workers need to be punctual?
Why cant you eat seaweed from the sea?
Why is aluminum reactive with tomatoes?
Why did your coconut just explode all over my counter and was filled with mold?
Why does adding tomatoes at the beginning in a vegetable curry delay the time of cooking?
Why are people who eat meat and fish more likely to ingest heavy metals than are strict vegetarians?
Why is a cold greasy hamburger is an appetizing to most people?
Why is texture so important in balancing a dish?
Why is broccoli so good?
Why do you get hungry easily if you eat only biscuits for breakfast?
Why should you kedep your body safe and clean?
Why do teenagers do not eat a balanced diet?
Why are your hamburgers mushy?
Why do tuba tuba fruit is poisonous?
Why is there vinegar in ketchup?
Why would eggs turn black while cooking?
Why are food preservatives mixed with food?
Why do you have to keep the microscope dust free?
Why does your natural gas BBQ not get really hot?
Why is there no ham in hamburgurs?
Why is your poop red and the water of the toilet becomes violet after you ate violet dragon fruit yesterday?
Why does garlic stain your skin?
Why do you like egg sandwich?
Why are burgers important to the US?
Why would all food taste bitter all of a sudden?
Why are beans considered a good source of protein when they contain mostly carbs and only a few grams of protein?
Why do people hate eating breakfast?
Why is rhubarb healthy?
Why do high ratio cakes require a high amount of emulsified shortening to absorb the liquid?
Why does everything in America have peanut butter in it?
Why does fresh meat look wet?
Why is chicken long rice important to hawaiian culture?
Why did they stop showing good eats?
Why cant they leave Ferrous Sulfate out?
Why does a spoon on a BBQ get hot fast?
Why do some people hate chowder?
Why does your back hurt while and after eating peanut butter?
Why should you avoid eating a heavy snacks?
Why werewolves eat human food and but what reason is that vampires can not eat human food?
Why does food to be digested?
Why did you quit making Compliment Meat Loaf Cooking Sauce?
Why do sultanas taste like honey?
Why should personal protective clothing be used when handling food and drink?
Why did brittania time pass biscuits fail in market?
Why does the caster sugar melt on the swiss roll?
Why should cans swollen ends be rejected?
Why is obama a bad presedent cause he listens to to many other people he should listen to himself 4 once?
Why is this in food?
Why is he a bad president?
Why dont you like icecream?
Why are some foods perishable and others arent?
Why does mentos make the coke react?
Why shouldnt you eat raw batter mix?
Why do some people like mouldy cheese?
Why did your white cauliflower grow yellow?
Why is pork usually cooked well done?
Why are bananas so Delicious?
Why do you need different kinds of food?
Why do pickles float in the jar?
Why do fungi grow on rattan food and not on living food?
Why do you like to work in an organic shop?
Why is your cheese sauce gritty?
Why are the food groups arranged as they are in the food pyramid?
Why does the use of a salt solution in Kimchi act as a preservative against bacterial decay?
Why do many people buy and use things made of plastic?
Why do you think food smells stronger when heated?
Why do you have to turn off the cooker when your finished cooking?
Why is the food production in biomes is the detitus food web?
Why should you buy the best food?
Why is protein vital for life?
Why are starches called complex carbohydrats?
Why does filling pop out of turnoers?
Why do you have partriot day?
Why do you have strenght when you eat meat?
Why does your acorn squash taste and smell like lemon?
Why do are needs for food change?
Why are food should be improved or enchanced the taste flavor and appearance?
Why do your cheese scones turn black?
Why is parisian croissant parisian?
Why do your cheese scones turn black in middle?
Why are sultanas brown?
Why is too much starch in a diet not healthy?
Why does Canada like macaroni and cheese?
Why is your tap water suddenly making the tip of your tongue and lips tingle?
Why do some cakes have a sugary speakled top?
Why is European bread better than US bread?
Why does chef Ramsay like cooking?
Why is monoitrate in foods?
Why do you have acid in your food?
Why is magarine a good source of vitamin a and d?
Why do food handerlers pose the main risk to food safety?
Why is bacon part of canidian culture?
Why have the Olmecs been called the mother civilization of the Americas?
Why is the sea food is best food and waer do you like to eat?
Why do teenagers like to eat outside?
Why do people hate jello?
Why is raw egg to boiled egg is not reversable irreversibleb change?
Why is hamburger a heterogeneous mixture?
Why is a hot dog called a Michigan?
Why are you interested in working for Hyatt hotel?
Why was peanut butter recalled in the US?
Why is pizza green?
Why do you need the recommended daily amount?
Why are tootsie rolls brown?
Why does your thawed food taste like refrigerant?
Why is food relationship important to family life?
Why do you need to reheat food at 75degreesc?
Why do you add other ingridients to your bread?
Why do they celebrate the comal county fair?
Why do students not eat lunch?
Why do expensive considered as one of the disadvantage in vestibule training?
Why are some leaves sour?
Why is milk heated when making yogurt?
Why are fats and oils called triglycerides?
Why did Jessie Harper write that paper?
Why would someone like to be a chef?
Why is mayonnaise a more preferred choice as a spread for sandwiches than butter?
Why did elizabeth falkner become a chef?
Why is it sweet when you chew starch?
Why do you Clean all surfaces when finishing cooking?
Why do organism have to have food?
Why are cookers made of metal not plastic?
Why do you cut foods?
Why are the ingredients in a product important?
Why does healthy food taste better than junk food?
Why does spinnache taste so bad?
Why are raspberries bad for you?
Why are fried foods not healthy?
Why is it unhygienic for a cat to be on a kitchen worktop?
Why are most sandwiches cut before serving?
Why do you drink tea on Mid Autumn Festival?
Why has menu changed in catering for the past 20 years?
Why is it so hard to clean grease?
Why is spam hated by so many people?
Why does Mr Tripp always smell like PB and J?
Why is grease difficult to wah off?
Why do people in china have diffrent food from American food?
Why is different method used to prepare biscuits then to prepare muffins?
Why is the microwave show ending?
Why do we packaging on food?
Why do you grind the cabbage rather than just stir it science red cabbage?
Why is yeast in pretzels?
Why is peanut butter used for peanut butter cookies?
Why did the Aztecs eat at specific times?
Why did pizza become popular among the poor people of naple in the 18th century?
Why do some countries in northern Europe have a wider supply of protein foods than others do?
Why would a Mexican hang out raw fish?
Why is it important to practice safety measures in handling certain substances?
Why do you like cheese pizza?
Why does a jar of pickled onion not go off?
Why are strawberries so popular?
Why did not you eat your food?
Why does little white stuff come of a gobstopper when you put it in water what is it?
Why are some foods such as olives preserved in or under a layer of oil?
Why is food production comes first than mass housing?
Why does Arizona require a food handlers permit for those workers who are around foods?
Why is bean curd firmer when cooked than even extra firm tofu?
Why were more things rationed in 1942?
Why is lemon used to garnish fish?
Why is cooking so amazing?
Why do some foods come from different countries?
Why does juice foam?
Why was great value tuna packets discontinued?
Why is it wise to plan the steps in cooking meals?
Why is rice a common leftover?
Why do pumpkins have buoyancy?
Why does your urine smell like the vitamins you are using?
Why did beer get made before Jesus?
Why is Fish a famous dish in Gwadar?
Why is fried okra famous in Oklahoma?
Why do you use metal for sauce pans?
Why are lentils good in soup?
Why is fish a controversial food?
Why is food and water important?
Why are carrots used in chicken dishes?
Why do kids not like coffee?
Why do you want to work for j d wetherspoons?
Why does bbq ribs makes tired and sleepy?
Why does FDA allow formaldehyde in food without listing on ingredients?
Why do you make a roux for a sauce thicken with flour?
Why do peanut butter cookies have the lines on them?
Why is sodium not dangerous in salt?
Why do sausage rolls use shortcrust pastry?
Why does fortune cookies use shortcrust pastry?
Why are bullocks used for meat?
Why should high risk foods be put in a refrigerator?
Why are microorganisms so common?
Why do metal marks not come off dishes in the dishwasher?
Why did people that had false teeth eat peanut butter?
Why do you need to blanch meat?
Why would pizza dough turn blue?
Why is food not recycable?
Why should you eat Australian made food?
Why do some foods melt?
Why does coffee tastes better when made by espresso machine?
Why is it that you are unable to find turkey bologna in the stores in this area 25313?
Why is it important to coat some foods before frying?
Why do they call a food humitas?
Why are starchy foods better for you that sugary foods?
Why is aluminum used in foil?
Why are you the best candidate for the leadership academy?
Why should you store cheese on the top shelf in the fridge?
Why cant scrambled eggs be poached?
Why are common and metric measures important in the food service industry?
Why does palm oil have two layers?
Why is food taxed at a grocery store?
Why should foods be stored at constant temperature?
Why is E400 food additive added to food?
Why should sweet potatoes and yams be baked instead of cooked in water?
Why are meatballs round?
Why has a frozen unopened bag of veggie snitzels swelled up and is it safe to use?
Why do hamburgers make you fat?
Why do HICs produce more waste than LICs?
Why is salt useful in the food industry?
Why do chips shop chips taste different to homemade chips?
Why is hamburger is bad?
Why is meat and potato pie popular?
Why do people choose certain foods?
Why is it important to check if your food is cooked propely?
Why do students frequently eat noodles?
Why did japan not fight that much in world war1?
Why is aluminium foil used to cook food?
Why is continuous stirring necessary in sauce making?
Why is chain food better than a food web?
Why do cookies look different?
Why will some breads faster than others?
Why do egg sandwiches not smell when bought from a shop?
Why are tater tots associated with being retarded?
Why does watercress melt?
Why is chickenroni so delicious?
Why does food have to travel large distances?
Why should people learn to appreciate corn?
Why is the hospitality industry unique?
Why is flour used in breadmaking?
Why are some foods coated before they are deep fried?
Why are dried cranberries sweeter than fresh cranberries?
Why are dry beans and peas an important part of the meat and beans group?
Why did some culture associate alcohol with wisdom?
Why is the basic food group called food guide pyramid?
Why does cream have to be churned to make butter?
Why do people want to visit Latvia?
Why is a tomato salad healthy?
Why is it important to maintain smoke detectors?
Why are most fruits picked underripe?
Why do cocanuts have three dots on the bottom?
Why is some fish skinned before cooking?
Why is it useful to eat foods high in vitimin c alongside iron rich foods?
Why is Plymouth suitable for BBQ?
Why are low temperatures and short cooking times best when manufacturing cheddar cheese?
Why is mayonnaise okay with raw egg in?
Why is froth used to make dumplings?
Why do you need to warm up buttermilk in roll recipes?
Why do you wear a neckerchieve in a preffetional kitchen?
Why do people eat Peanut butter after working out when it contains so much fat?
Why do you have food retailers?
Why were these food chosen from the weekly food?
Why were there food storage?
Why did they create the first hot dog in Ohio?
Why does your nose run when you eat greasy food?
Why do lactobacillus prefers an anaerobic environment?
Why does citrus fruits turn black when someone pour black peper?
Why is plastic not suitable for making saucepans?
Why should people eat goldfish crackers?
Why do you need to preserve fruit and vegetables?
Why are stuff hard?
Why do kitchen documents need to be kept confidential?
Why is legumes included in the protein group beside of having lots protein in it?
Why did Congress declare that pizza is a vegetable?
Why should you shock after blanching them?
Why is cottage pie suitable for children?
Why would you use a pate sucre?
Why do recipes call for adding eggs?
Why are wooden spoons often used for cooking?
Why does onion fry quicker around the outer edge?
Why do food turn sour when they spoil?
Why does it say how much the food weighs on food labels?
Why do bums get bigger?
Why are muffins so popular?
Why can you buy mcvities fruit shortbread in Canada?
Why is Lengua eatened?
Why is bechamel sauce glossy and smooth?
Why did the food companies knowingly sell spoiled food in 1906?
Why should food deliveries arrive undamaged?
Why should stock rotation procedures be followed?
Why do you need cooking?
Why should you eat a variety of low biological protein foods together?
Why is food eaten on day of the dead?
Why is Nutella such a popular snack with teens?
Why is the price of chilled beef so expensive?
Why do fully cooked red kidney beans make me soo sick?
Why has your onion gone pink when it cooked?
Why do fully cooked red kidney beans make me so sick soaked and cooked propererly?
Why are people concerned about GM foods?
Why is it good to eat more seasonal food?
Why do you need a deep saucepan or pot while boiling liquid?
Why does it cost more to buy a burger at a restaurant?
Why is cod fish expensive?
Why should you not store milk in a cupboard?
Why was copper used for kettles?
Why should you have responsibility with coconut?
Why have functional foods have been developed?
Why does jello cost so little?
Why does a cat explode when you place it in a microwave oven?
Why does tastes change in space?
Why should you have the reception in a hotel on the ground floor and not on the 4th floor?
Why is water of 150 degrees celsius more dangerous than oil of 150 degrees celsius?
Why should care about diet?
Why does eating green vegetables thicken your blood?
Why did Europe banned American meat?
Why is North America food able to export so much food?
Why are pasta sauces un healthy?
Why is food refined?
Why do you engineer food?
Why is water considered to be the best beverage choice for athletes?
Why are Mexicans so annoying?
Why do you always get hungry quickly at school?
Why do German pancakes curl up while cooking?
Why do objects bob in club soda?
Why is it easy to over heat refined grains?
Why would potatoes weigh more after soaking them in water?
Why is pasta important to the Italians?
Why would meat be a metallic green color?
Why do people knead scones?
Why are some restaurants now preparing some items without black pepper?
Why do hot dog buns come in 10 and hot dogs come in 8?
Why is Mexico perfect for growing food?
Why are nutrients essentil?
Why can vinegar dissolve away eggshells?
Why does adding water to a pot of eggs make more room in the pot?
Why does pork crackling go soft if kept in the fridge?
Why do you add water to sausage?
Why are escargots exploding when coming out of the oven?
Why is it called Cure 81 ham?
Why are hot dogs packaged in packs of ten yet hot dog buns are packaged in eight?
Why do microwave doors open from the right?
Why is that meat has a shorter cooking time when cooked in a pressure cooker than in ordinary casserole?
Why does argula have fat?
Why does an egg casserole fall after it is taken out of the oven?
Why doesnt ho sin sauce freeze?
Why does my aunt eat applesause?
Why can you hear water sloshing around in your stomach?
Why does your BBQ grill hose freeze up?
Why does the inside of the paper white bulb smells like onions and sticky like aloe and makes the hand looks white?
Why are ingredients used?
Why do foods discolor?
Why would a pork chop become tough and dry when putting salt on in raw?
Why are the modern cooking utensils blacks at the bottom?
Why are modern coocking utensila black at the bottom and shiny at the sides?
Why did lucozade choose the colour orange?
Why do you get fat with food?
Why is an apple considered a healthy food?
Why dosent lemon juice blow out a flame?
Why do you use eggs in hamburgers?
Why is fruit useful?
Why is specific heat different for water and oil?
Why might a manufacturer choose to use component ingredients?
Why are meatballs still very red in the middle after cooking for 45 minutes?
Why are marshmallows so yummy?
Why is oregano good for you?
Why would a sandwich progress through your digestive tract even if you ate it standing on your head?
Why do food have to be pasteurized?
Why does America eat unhealthy foods?
Why do food companies pack food in a cylinder instead of a cube?
Why do square cookies bake up round?
Why did the milk companies stop putting pictures of missing children on the side of the milk carton?
Why does soda get hot and cold?
Why is Cottage pie good for school lunches?
Why does food digest?
Why do you want to work in Singapore hotels?
Why does the small meal play a major part in the appetizer?
Why should kids age 13 know how to cook?
Why are soy beans cooked?
Why do marshmellows catch fire?
Why are most glass products inexpensive?
Why do people buy ready made soup?
Why does Egypt have to port much of its food?
Why are fried foods bad for leukemia patients?
Why do chefs wear neckerchiefs?
Why does soda explode when mentos are interacted with each other?
Why does it take so long to make a jellybean?
Why does khari looses its color after two days?
Why do humans have to have food?
Why is a white sauce considered a basic one for savory dishes?
Why do cooked food and uncooked food be stored separately?
Why does food mold slower collectively than when it is isolated?
Why is smoking in the kitchen unhygienic?
Why are most chestnuts eaten in the US today from Italy?
Why are animal based foods more expensive?
Why is your oven not working but your cook top is?
Why does strawberries make your body healthy?
Why does your samsung microwave only beep a few times?
Why does adding salt to water inccrease its density?
Why does milk taste warmer than soda or water out of fridge?
Why should products be located at least 6 inches off the floor during storage?
Why did peter fidler go to north America?
Why are certain bread products developed in certain countries?
Why are animal foods more expensive than plant foods?
Why can some meat be out in the middle of the store?
Why does food need to be warmed?
Why are some food and beverages stored in brown bottles?
Why do food manufactures need to evaluate their products?
Why are avocados not listed in vegs?
Why is it that economics is very important in your life?
Why do egg whites foam?
Why does pasta need to be boiled?
Why did people eat hobnob cookies?
Why do you use different fuels for transportion and cooking?
Why do Asian people suck the yolk from fried eggs?
Why does cheese spoils easily?
Why is the label on Victoria tomato basil sauce have two different of what it is made with one label states made with Italian tomatoes the other states made with 100 percent Italian tomatoes?
Why is fruit and vegetable good for you?
Why is the cryosphere importat?
Why do hobos need money?
Why do cells have to do waste removal?
Why do you lick a lollypop?
Why do teens cook?
Why did they invent the kitkat?
Why are English muffins called English muffins?
Why is there an alien in the bottom of your balsamic vinegar?
Why is rootbeer associated with wooden barrels?
Why is Cassie not talking to you?
Why is there a need to revise the curriculum after 5 years?
Why do people like pizza?
Why does a round pizza come in a square box?
Why is chocolate so tasty?
Why is pizza good?
Why are eggs sold by the dozen?
Why does milk sour?
Why is fiber important?
Why do bagels have holes?
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
Why are some eggs brown?
Why does toast land butter side down?
Why are brown eggs brown?
Why is cheddar cheese yellow?
Why is cake good?
Why is folic acid good for you?
Why did counties develop in the middle colonies?
Why does natural water freeze faster than sugar and salt water?
Why are oranges always orange?
Why does salt make ice colder?
Why do cookies taste good?
Why do apples turn red?
Why are marshmallows called marshmallows?
Why is gallopintos an important food in Nicaragua?
Why do coke and mentos react?
Why did Marco polo start exploring?
Why are tacos so good?
Why is your name pie?
Why does pizza taste so good?
Why do cells ferment?
Why is salsa spicy?
Why does candy taste good?
Why are tacos awesome?
Why does food go mouldy?
Why is zac and vanessa getting married?
Why do hot dogs come in packs of 10 and buns in packs of 8?
Why is a hamburger called a hamburger?
Why does fresh water freeze faster than salt water?
Why is bubble gum sticky?
Why is salt added to ice?
Why do Chinese eat with chopsticks?
Why do human need to eat?
Why does mold form on food?
Why does everyone like pie?
Why is junk food bad?
Why is food production important?
Why do oranges have seeds?
Why is celery crisp?
Why were food and cloths rationed during the blitz?
Why does dough rise?
Why is fructose used?
Why does water freeze faster than soda?
Why does wax melt fast?
Why is there no ham inh hamburger?
Why is water used in cooking?
Why is food so important?
Why is it necessary to specialize?
Why do mushrooms grow in your garden?
Why are onions bad for dogs?
Why is yeast used in cooking?
Why is fish not considered a meat?
Why are potatos brown?
Why is Italy famous for pizza?
Why do trees grow upwards?
Why do eggs smell?
Why do people evade taxes?
Why are artificial fertilisers needed?
Why was yogurt invented?
Why does salted ice melt faster?
Why was Marian Anderson important?
Why do people eat whales?
Why does water boil faster at lower temperature in higher elevations?
Why does your tongue hurt?
Why does baking soda change water temperature?
Why do people eat veal?
Why do you crave sweets?
Why do egg whites get frothy when beaten?
Why does tomato sause stick to pasta?
Why does fresh water freeze faster then salt water?
Why do you cook food?
Why do Bananas grow on trees?
Why are bananas purple?
Why do black people love chicken so much?
Why is food important for us?
Why is Arizona famous?
Why was mcdonalds invented?
Why are fruits tasty?
Why are beans good for you?
Why is pop or soda bad for you?
Why should gum be allowed in school?
Why are grapes not called green?
Why did Gordon ramsay choose french cuisine?
Why was the oven invented?
Why do boiled eggs float?
Why are processed stevia leaves white?
Why do you wear aprons?
Why was Gatorade made?
Why do fruits conduct electricity?
Why does hot water dissolve more salt than cold water?
Why is a pomegranate so juicy?
Why is cocoa butter in food?
Why do you use chopsticks?
Why is peanut butter so delicious?
Why do food prices go up?
Why does Lilo refuse to feed Pudge a tuna sandwich instead of his usual peanut butter in Lilo and Stitch?
Why do you need the 7 food groups?
Why does toast fall on the jam side down?
Why is sea salt better than table salt?
Why are eels slimy?
Why are pizzas round?
Why do lobsters turn red when cooked?
Why is a balanced meal important?
Why should you eat healthy foods?
Why does unhealthy food taste so good?
Why is a round pizza put in a square box?
Why is it harder to get isolated colonies when your culture sample comes from solid versus liquid media?
Why is cooking quicker in a pressure cooker?
Why is it important to eat fruit and vegetables?
Why are your tomatoes still green?
Why is chef ramsay mean?
Why do people eat horse meat?
Why is carrot root nessecary?
Why is there sugar in milk?
Why are noodles so popular in China?
Why was the microwave made?
Why is it important to wash your hands?
Why is red meat unhealthy?
Why are mangos orange?
Why is watermelon so sweet?
Why is banana good for you?
Why is cutting carrot a physical change?
Why are food webs more realistic than food chains?
Why was King George II the wrong monarch at the wrong time for England in regard to its North American colonial empire?
Why do the solutions with less fruit juice freeze faster?
Why is junk food so popular in America?
Why do you eat healthy foods?
Why does Chris Kullen like little kids?
Why does Hot Carl like little kids?
Why does Nathan McMullen like little kids?
Why is peanut butter food?
Why is food so inportant?
Why is it important to eat fruit?
Why is cooking a chemical change?
Why do egyptians eat asbusa?
Why do apples change color?
Why do people like starches?
Why is pizza considered Italian?
Why do you have to eat lean meat fish and poulty?
Why do bubble in soda stick to the sides of cups?
Why are fats important for your body?
Why do different brands of popcorn leave different amounts of unpopped kernels?
Why do French eat frogs legs?
Why are most physical changes reversible?
Why did the French lose?
Why is salt in cookies?
Why do you marinate meat in vinegar?
Why does dawn cut grease?
Why is BHT added to foods?
Why is pasta a healthy food?
Why did Native Americans help the French in wars with the British?
Why is compost pH worth measuring?
Why was the hamburger invented?
Why are cookies good?
Why do putting potatoes under water slows the rate of browning?
Why is starch good for you?
Why is fried chicken unhealthy?
Why is a Sous Chef required?
Why was the fall of Bastille important to the French people?
Why is spinach green?
Why is veal pounded?
Why does soda bubble?
Why is nestle bad?
Why is candy sweet?
Why is grapefruit bad for you?
Why does the taste of honey vary?
Why are hershey kisses called kisses?
Why is cottage pie called cottage pie?
Why does china trade with Canada?
Why is candy yummy?
Why do vinegar and baking soda explode?
Why were smarties invented?
Why does fair trade exist?
Why was the pizza invented?
Why do organism need food?
Why is fair trade necessary?
Why is butter in cakes?
Why are pickles lumpy?
Why do kiwi taste metallic?
Why is boiling healthier than frying foods?
Why did Vietnam go to war?
Why does the lemon battery work?
Why did the French and british fight in the French and Indian war?
Why are shapes important in everyday life?
Why is pasta a staple food in Italy?
Why does Swiss cheese mold?
Why do you eat pumpkin pie?
Why do you water potatoes?
Why is BHT bad for you?
Why do you think some people are vegetarians?
Why does popcorn kernels pop better in the microwave?
Why is butter used in cakes?
Why should you stop eating junk food?
Why are Pringles curved?
Why do people use copper?
Why do you eat chicken?
Why would you look this question up anyway?
Why do lips get dry?
Why does chicken fat rise to the top?
Why should you eat pasta?
Why does your nose run whem you eat hot food?
Why is France famous for cheese?
Why does heinz have 57 vareties?
Why do you have Pancake day?
Why is junkfood bad?
Why does an eggs shell dissolve in vinegar?
Why do sweet potatoes turn brown?
Why does cheese go mouldy?
Why is cooking important?
Why is the handle of a saucepan made of plastic?
Why is marmalade called marmalade?
Why are tacos not burritos?
Why do people want to go to Antarctica?
Why do they spew out?
Why is it rude to eat veal?
Why do you soak chicken livers?
Why is a saucepan left shiny?
Why is it important to add sodium chloridne to water when making homemade ice cream?
Why are bases bitter?
Why is brown sugar brown?
Why are vegtables healthy?
Why is it important to wash your hands frequently?
Why is cheese inside the Epiphany?
Why do you crave baking soda?
Why did Carmit Bachar leave the group?
Why do asians use chopsticks?
Why do you get tears when you eat spicy food?
Why do soft drinks go flat?
Why is an apple dipped in honey eaten on the Jewish new year?
Why does food need to be broken down?
Why do oven chips contain least fat?
Why should cooked and raw food be kept apart?
Why is smoking a problem?
Why are taxes necessary?
Why does orange juice freeze faster than water?
Why does a banana mold?
Why is cream cheese white?
Why are grains healthy?
Why do bananas rot faster on the counter?
Why did the british become empire builders?
Why is there yeast in beer?
Why is butter a solid at room temperature?
Why are bannanas bent?
Why does vinegar dissolve the egg shell?
Why doesnt hard candy dissolve in water?
Why is acid added in apple juice?
Why is ciabatta called ciabatta?
Why is soul food important?
Why is the base of a saucepan made of metal?
Why did the Vietnam war brake out?
Why is suger not a mineral?
Why are birds important to humans?
Why does a base have a bitter taste?
Why are some bacteria difficult to grow in the lab?
Why are eggs healthy?
Why do africans speak french?
Why is HACCP important?
Why does citric fruits conduct electricity?
Why are pineapple and sugarcane important in Hawaii?
Why do you need Vitimin A?
Why do they call potatoes spuds?
Why can Am broadcasts be heard for great distances under certain conditions?
Why are antioxidants important?
Why is sugar organic?
Why does fast food taste so good?
Why did the indians help the british in the french and indian war?
Why is it called duck sauce?
Why is pasta healthy?
Why is fish meat?
Why do mosses grow close to the ground?
Why do you aeat bannas?
Why does limp celery become crisp and the skin of your fingertips wrinkle when placed in tap water?
Why does food taste so good?
Why should food not be defrosted and refrozen?
Why are food groups needed?
Why was surplus grain important?
Why is roast always dry?
Why can some goals not be met in economics?
Why is the banana curved?
Why is it important to eat fruits?
Why do eggs smell bad?
Why did the Spanish fight the french for Florida?
Why dont all cereals absorb the same amount of milk?
Why is it important to eat foods with high nutrient density?
Why do frogs taste like chicken?
Why is Dame Nellie Melba on the Australian 100 dollar note?
Why does vinegar make eggs soft?
Why was the barbeque invented?
Why do farmers genetically modify crops?
Why does frozen popcorn pop better?
Why do chefs blanche vegetables?
Why should potatoes be cooked before eaten?
Why are eggs round?
Why are tomatoes good for you?
Why is transfat bad?
Why should you avoid form overdoing garnish?
Why was damper invented?
Why are different methods of cooking suitable for different cuts of meat?
Why do mexicans like tacos?
Why did hilter selled drugs?
Why is fructose important?
Why do bananas taste good?
Why do thay not eat tigers?
Why should you not chew gum in school?
Why does hot water work better with food coloring?
Why is moisture important for growth of fungus?
Why does the nose produce oil?
Why do some substances dont dissolve in water?
Why did you choose HRM?
Why is pizza famous in Italy?
Why are fats and oils an important food group?
Why are they called pickles?
Why does raw egg white change when it becomes cooked?
Why are the seeds of strawberries outside?
Why is bread soft?
Why is an eggplant called an eggplant?
Why is acid added to foods?
Why do bananas rot faster in the fridge?
Why are hondurans called catrachos?
Why do lemons float?
Why does bacon taste good?
Why did Germany make gingerbread houses?
Why are potatoes so popular?
Why do people need to eat more in antarctica?
Why did the mayans eat poop?
Why does 10kg of small potatoes produce more peelings than 10kg of big potatoes?
Why are brassicas good for you?
Why is fast food dangerous?
Why is it important to add sodium choride to water when making homemade ice cream?
Why are metals used to make cooking utensils?
Why did the athor write this This gingerbread man tale?
Why are Italy famous for pizza?
Why does your nose run when eating hot food?
Why does cheese come in a wheel?
Why did the early settlers come to nz?
Why are you eating?
Why do new products fail?
Why does catalyst burn sugar?
Why do kids like to eat junk food?
Why does ice cream make you cough?
Why are strawberries good?
Why should students have a longer lunch?
Why is salami called salami?
Why does the oregano used in household cooking as seasoning?
Why do some people eat food that is not good for them?
Why are food webs more common than food chains?
Why does broccoli give you gas?
Why is it important to measure ingredients accurately?
Why are you a pickle?
Why are you a pickle?
Why do gallon jugs have indention on side?
Why are the pieces of wood arranged loosely in the stove?
Why would you utilise a variety of cookery methods in hot canapes?
Why might albacore become extinct?
Why should you avoid undercooked pork?
Why is iron needed in the blood?
Why are seeds easier to remove after mixing the juice with water and sugar?
Why do you cook foods?
Why do you garnish your food?
Why do watermelons crack?
Why does zucchini taste bitter?
Why does coke explode in a freezer?
Why was salsa invented?
Why is an orange a berry?
Why is that a slices of apples you left on the kitchen counter have turned brown while those in the refrigerator have not?
Why does full cream milk last longer?
Why are Apples re more efficient at waking you up in the morning than caffeine?
Why does the pizza chesse taste so good?
Why is calamari called calamari?
Why is product so important to the marketing mix?
Why do they call white beans navy beans?
Why is that coke has not able to make profit in its Indian operations?
Why would Alan rickman give his email to the public?
Why are fats and oils needed?
Why do people need fats and oils?
Why is mozzarella a good pizza topping?
Why do you get hungry after sex?
Why are some fruits sweet and some sour?
Why do crabs turn red when cooked?
Why is meat unhealthy?
Why is ice a good healer?
Why is music important in your life?
Why do some people like to protest?
Why does asparagus turn your pee yellow?
Why does cabbage cause gas?
Why is it important to use a variety of different cooking methods in your cooking?
Why was the meat inspection act passed?
Why are marshmallows good?
Why do you need height in a salad?
Why is yeast of industrial importance?
Why is orange healthy?
Why does the sense of smell affect the sense of taste?
Why did most Indian peoples fight with the french against Britain and its American colonists in the french and Indian war?
Why do eggs spin?
Why is wood getting scarce?
Why is aluminum used in kitchen foil?
Why is your barbaque sauce sour tasting?
Why do nutritionists consider foods with low glycemic index to be better for you?
Why will a carrot slice when placed in tap water for several hours become very stiff?
Why is food important to animals?
Why is saturated fat solid?
Why does beer have yeast in it?
Why are genetically modified foods produced?
Why does a dog need food?
Why is toast sometimes burnt?
Why should you wrap the U shaped magnet with cling wrap?
Why is cereal fortified?
Why are legumes classified as dicotyledons?
Why did the earliest communities form around rivers?
Why do people make spam?
Why was the Nile and the land around it ideal for settlement and civilization?
Why is cooking an art?
Why might adding some tomato product make a beef more tender?
Why does the soda explode when you put mentos in it?
Why is ice cream good?
Why is being a pastry chef important?
Why can you smell food cooking?
Why is kitty litter cake so scary?
Why are you hungry after you eat?
Why is greasy food hard to clean with water?
Why did Australia ask us 2 join world war2 instead of UK?
Why is eating sensibly important?
Why did most of the Indians fight with the French against the American Colonists and the British in the French and Indian War?
Why dont farmers wash there eggs?
Why was the ice cream invented?
Why do almost all food chains begin with a photosynthetic organism?
Why should eggs not be frozen?
Why do some substances not dissolve in water?
Why has yellow food coloring been taken out of most foods?
Why was a fish planted in each hole with seeds?
Why do you add vinegar to noodles befoe eating it?
Why do you eat pizza?
Why is pizza bad for you?
Why should rutabagas be cooked uncovered?
Why are some meat products enrobed?
Why would ethanol be better than plain water for removing a grease stain?
Why do you pickle onions?
Why do tacos taste good?
Why do supermarkets spray their produce with water?
Why does yogurt taste sour?
Why are chicken legs dark meat?
Why were straightenerds made of?
Why is chicken unhealthy?
Why do you cook bratwurst in beer?
Why did Gordon ramsay quit football?
Why are pumpkins healthy?
Why are hotdogs called hot dogs?
Why do people like Cheerios?
Why are people against genetically modified plants?
Why are tax invoice necessary?
Why is la feria de sevilla celebrated?
Why are wendys hamburgers square?
Why are there so many different shapes of pasta?
Why does spraying vegetables with water prevent them from drying out?
Why does a barbeque go out on its own?
Why are tunstiles made?
Why is it safer to use a nonmetal spoon when cooking something on a stove?
Why does coffee keep you awake?
Why do people like Mc Donalds?
Why dont fish chew their food?
Why was the fall of the Bastille important to french people?
Why is ketchup called catsup?
Why is it so dangerous for food to be in the danger zone?
Why did ezra warner come up with the can opener?
Why does a carrot get spongy in salt water?
Why is grass not good for you?
Why is oil used for making bread?
Why did tudors eat scones?
Why do Muslims not eat something?
Why is a square meal served on round plates?
Why do blind people have watchdogs?
Why is cheese in the ring shaped cake?
Why cant you buy turkey eggs?
Why does warm soda go flat faster than cold soda?
Why does an egg shrivel after being in corn syrup?
Why did the English not like the french?
Why is egg and bacon good for breakfast?
Why are multicultural foods becoming so popular?
Why are starchy foods good for you?
Why is brown pasta healthier than white?
Why are beans good for your body?
Why is pizza popular?
Why is meat so expensive in the past?
Why does the lobster turn red when it get cooked?
Why is it important to store food carefully?
Why are waffles orange?
Why do you want to work at Boston pizza?
Why can you walk on custard?
Why is starch mostly found in the cotyledon and endosperm?
Why is Alex such a jerk?
Why do you put sodium chloride in water when making homemade ice cream?
Why do we need iron?
Why does curdled milk taste sour?
Why is mincemeat named as such but contains no meat?
Why would one use marmalade instead of Jam?
Why is fudge called fudge?
Why is book called book?
Why were cookies made?
Why are cocoa beans grown in Brazil?
Why is that Coke has not been able to make profit in its Indian operations?
Why is it so important to be on time?
Why has consuming food contributed the fact that a lot of people are obese?
Why is a food chain lengh no more than 4 animals?
Why do the french call the English roast beef?
Why is cold food unappetizing?
Why are you called a chicken?
Why do lobster need to be boiled alive?
Why is electric a good way to cook?
Why do bananas ripen faster in the dark?
Why does putting food in a freezer keep it fresh for so long?
Why do Americans eat cabbage black eye peas and hog jowl on January 1st?
Why should you not talk while eating food?
Why is hand washing so important?
Why does a boiled egg spin and not a raw egg?
Why did they name popcorn popcorn?
Why is special wheat used to make pasta?
Why is a quart smaller than a liter?
Why do people spread out carrot cake to cool it?
Why was jello invented?
Why is it important to eat grains?
Why does a lime sink and a lemon float?
Why did the Iroquois Indians have a central area with shared cooking fires in the longhouse?
Why do Pepsi and mentos explode?
Why do restaurants like to sell super sized meals?
Why are legumes classified dicotyledons?
Why was the weimer republic considered weak?
Why can the british be considered victors over the french?
Why does adding salt to ice make ice colder?
Why do you crave peanut butter?
Why does cooking a food change its hardness?
Why is Italy famous for its food?
Why were medieval kitchens in the courtyard?
Why was the discovery of yeast an accident?
Why are consumer exploited?
Why should you not eat meat?
Why did the French lose the war?
Why is kandace hodge fat?
Why is cooking food important?
Why is personal hygiene essential in the kitchen?
Why does baking soda and vinigar explode?
Why do bananas give you gas?
Why is it important to knead pasta?
Why can Jews eat lamb?
Why is summer school important?
Why is hot food palatable?
Why should you base your meals on starchy foods?
Why is it important to eat foods from each of the five food groups?
Why are school lunches so unhealthy?
Why might meat belt be better name for the corn belt?
Why has the poet used sour cream walls to describe the walls of the classroom?
Why do gasses take up so much space?
Why does food cook faster at higher temperatures?
Why are hard cooked eggs hard to peel?
Why is it safer to use a nonmetal mixing spoon when cooking something on the stove?
Why is food expensive?
Why is tin not very good at keeping his soup warm?
Why is olive oil important?
Why is processed meat bad for you?
Why is it unhealthy to smoke?
Why do you need to study values?
Why is rice a high risk food?
Why does mold need moisture?
Why is extra virgin olive oil good for your face?
Why does british pork taste of urine?
Why does water evaporate faster than milk?
Why did the egg shell did not dissolve after even 2days?
Why are metalloids important today?
Why is deer meat called venison?
Why is a potato tasty?
Why does your garbage disposal back up?
Why is fat used in cakes?
Why should a woodworking shop be well ventilated?
Why do you use paper?
Why are mulicultural foods becoming more popular?
Why does the body crave sugar?
Why do you sifte flour?
Why do pinto beans grow better in cotton?
Why is animal proteins considered a higer quality food than vegetable proteins?
Why is fish not considered as a meat?
Why do you think it is important to keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold?
Why does a carrot feel spongey after being soaked in salt water?
Why do bananas contain DNA?
Why do they put iron your cereal?
Why is cheese not calles cheese?
Why did humans begin cooking their food?
Why is it best to serve freshly cooked vegetables rather than reheated vegetables?
Why does Swiss get mold?
Why does cheese have water in it?
Why are sugar beet chips pressed?
Why do Western cultures tend to dominate other cultures?
Why do people spread out carrot cake that has just beed fried to cool?
Why did they dye pistachios red?
Why do you put salt in bread?
Why are twizzlers red?
Why are some apples red?
Why do tsunamis have a large amount of energy?
Why does Selena Gomez drink pickle juice?
Why is hydrogen used in peanut butter?
Why was corn important to the maya?
Why is too much potassium bad for you?
Why do potatoes turn black?
Why did the vietnamese eat that weird food?
Why do people like pancakes?
Why is pasta salad good for you?
Why is packaging important for selling a product?
Why is chowder thicker than soup?
Why are brown eggs healthier?
Why should commercial boiled linseed oil never be used to overcome a deficiency of the essential fatty acids?
Why cant you dip high acid fruit in caramel?
Why are you feeling bloted all the time?
Why is chocolate a comfort food?
Why can egg white trap so much air?
Why is serving size so important?
Why is bread called The staff of life?
Why is milk different from yogurt?
Why is the stingray called a stingray?
Why does Swiss cheese mold faster than cheddar and marblejack?
Why should you poke holes in a potato before baking it?
Why doesnt food enter the body until its absorbed into the blood?
Why should you boil bacon?
Why are nachos round?
Why is a salad a mixture?
Why is brown sugar soften when it is heated?
Why is it suggested to cook hamburgers medium well to well done?
Why are microwaves used for cooking?
Why is the cotyledon not needed once the bean plant matures?
Why does eating under cooked pork cause trichinosis in humans?
Why does hot air open a jam jar?
Why do the widths of the stripes on the food pyramid vary?
Why is margarine on the market for sale if it is so bad for human consumption?
Why is fruit important to your body?
Why is food considered a fuel?
Why should you eat salad?
Why do Poptarts pop?
Why do brandy snaps require airtight storage?
Why is bacteria added to yogurt?
Why does bases taste bitter?
Why does yoghurt set when being made?
Why is it important to set the table the right way?
Why does sharp cheese age longer than mild cheese?
Why can not you eat fruits after meals?
Why does kiwi make your mouth numb?
Why do strawberries have a slightly bitter taste?
Why are strawberries so healthy for you?
Why was it important to moisten the bread before sealing it in the Ziploc bag?
Why did shakespeare stop smoking?
Why are some types of cheese not vegetarian?
Why are packets of peanuts or potato crisps filled with nitrogen?
Why are gummy bears so colorful?
Why are dogs made to sleep when they arent doing anything?
Why should you buy local produce?
Why do chinese people eat?
Why is twisted cooking mama for 14 year olds the one on the website that said caution not for players under 14?
Why do you want to become a sous chef?
Why are emulsifiers important in the production of products such as mayonnaise?
Why are pastas rinsed?
Why do people drink coffe?
Why is cheese so famous?
Why was there a discussion about cheese in Boston?
Why do you feel hunger all the time?
Why do potatoes go soft when boiled?
Why is it important to plan your meal?
Why are potatoes nice to drink?
Why is cheese a staple food?
Why do you use wheat germ?
Why do you clarify butter?
Why are some foods such as chicken and cooked rice called potentially hazardous foods?
Why is there a pie called cottage pie?
Why does the smell of food make your mouth water?
Why is it best not to use joints of meat over 6kg?
Why are potatoes yummy?
Why was cinnamon used?
Why is pizza so delicious?
Why does a red strawberry appear to be red?
Why cant smoking be illegal?
Why do scientists say that the tabon man was more modern than the cagayan man?
Why was the empanada created?
Why does your heart hurt after eating hot sauce?
Why would a nutritionist instruct a vegetarian to combine corn and beans in a meal?
Why is this done?
Why can you not taste food when you have a cold?
Why are watermelon fruits sweet?
Why do you use caster sugar in cakes?
Why does yeast need sugar to respire?
Why is oil not appropriate substitute in dough making?
Why is the potato wet?
Why do potatoes contain more reducing sugar?
Why does the US import and export some goods and services?
Why do black people only eat fried chicken?
Why are so many KFC are closeing in Cleveland?
Why do we need the food pyramid?
Why did Tyler Florence choose to become a chef?
Why did people live in colonial new jersey?
Why do you use a blue flame to cook your food?
Why is it more ecologically friendly to eat a salad than a steak?
Why are people efficient in despersing edible fruits?
Why do you fry food?
Why do homegrown eggs have blood spots?
Why did cadburys fuse?
Why should defrosted foods not be refrozen?
Why is glee so awesome?
Why did Australia ask the us for help instead of the UK in ww2?
Why is pasta a common left over?
Why does eating salad give you gas?
Why do people eat cauliflower?
Why is green so awesome?
Why should you not eat too many sugary foods?
Why are cereals a staple food?
Why is it important to cook food at a high enough temperature?
Why do you have to cool food fast?
Why is it very rare to find food chains with more than 5 organisms?
Why are colourings put into food?
Why does vinegar turn a nail black?
Why is it necessary to shake a bottle salad dressing before adding it to your salad?
Why were mentos invented?
Why is the menu considered the lifeline of a foodservice establishment?
Why do egg whites get bigger when whisked?
Why does cornstarch and water make goo?
Why is junk food so addicting?
Why does your dog have a pimple on his lip?
Why does advertising effect what young people eat?
Why was the nile river so apportant to ancient egyptians?
Why can broadcast be heard for great distances under certain conditions?
Why does mint mentos explode in diet coke?
Why are cereal bars healthy?
Why do use aluminum for cooking utensils?
Why do have to process fruits and vegetable?
Why do they have vegitarian food at a gurdwara?
Why is shellfish consumption is regulated by the Federal Food and Drug Agency?
Why does Albumin have protein?
Why is Canada a tossed salad?
Why do supporters approve of the gm food?
Why didm native Americans help the french in wars with the british?
Why is America a mixed salad?
Why does mold grow on grapes?
Why do you wrap the bag in newspaper when making ice cream in a bag?
Why are the bulbs of onions so big?
Why shouldent canteens sell junk food?
Why are knifes used?
Why do your cornbread dressing spoils?
Why should kids chew gum in schools?
Why do Chicken eggs have black spots?
Why ism a marsh mallow called a marshmallow?
Why will a banna brown in a fridge?
Why are all cookies round?
Why does kellogs use zip type liners?
Why is the white part of the egg sometimes cloudy?
Why does sour milk occur?
Why does the apparent depth of a pond look less than real depth?
Why do popcorn effect the kernal?
Why do people in Mexico eat tacos?
Why is it safer to use a non metal mixing spoon when cooking on stove?
Why is orange so healthy?
Why did people migrate to israel?
Why is a food web more stable then food chain?
Why is annoying orange so annoying?
Why does mold grow better in the sun on bread?
Why do oranges rot so fast?
Why does oranges have skin?
Why should athletes eat a variety of foods each day?
Why are mince pies traditional?
Why is product important in marketing?
Why did yu choose food and beverage service department in hotel?
Why is Ghana considered the poorest country?
Why is olive oil good for your skin?
Why is grapenut pudding watery?
Why does reducing salt intake help control hypertension?
Why are food webs more useful than food chains?
Why do chicken decay?
Why does milk coagulate as it ferments?
Why do eggs get rubbery soaked in vinager?
Why do you have to knead dough?
Why will the acids in the soda tenderize the meat?
Why do you think elie found the soupd excellent after he saw the first hanging at Buna?
Why should a stock made from beef or veal bones cook longer than a stock made from chicken bones?
Why are standard components important?
Why are cereal staple foods?
Why do chinese families set extra places at the dinner table?
Why do you eat coconuts?
Why do some cereals have to be cook?
Why do you need to serve your food attractively?
Why do you need food groups?
Why do the Irish only put 239 beans in their bean soup?
Why is food cooked at high temperatures?
Why are legumes used as meat alternatives?
Why does elie find the soup excellent after he saw the first hanging at buna?
Why do you need to cook food fully?
Why does the outside of a potato cook faster than the inside?
Why do people spread out carrot cake that has been fried to cool it?
Why is beef red?
Why do girls fight more than guys?
Why did the majority of Native American tribes side with the French during the French and Indian War?
Why may you use a dehydrator for food?
Why did the people start the french revolution?
Why do we celebrate pancake day?
Why is tangerine orange like an orange?
Why is pork shoulder called Boston butt?
Why does small amounts of water boil quicker?
Why does the fruit place in the cabinet ripen faster than placed in the refrigerator?
Why did the ricotta not melt in the lasagna?
Why did rome grow where it did?
Why did they discontinue blue smarties?
Why do substances contain catalase?
Why is cooking an endothermic process?
Why does cooking oil not mix with water?
Why would you?
Why was the last answer so stupid?
Why should you have junk foods in the canteen?
Why is chicken biryani popular in west region?
Why is it wrong to eat pork according to the bible?
Why is cottage cheese different from cheddar cheese?
Why do you salivate at the prospect of eating something tasty?
Why do jews soak meat in salt?
Why do people buy junk food?
Why is poultry a good cholesterol?
Why do you get a headace after eating fruit?
Why is a tomatoe a vegetable but not a cucumber?
