Why does a breastfed baby rarely suffer from kwashiorkor?
Why is noradrenaline used in the treatment of upper digestive tract hemorrhages?
Why do some people feel warmer than others?
Why do you have gas with kidney stones?
Why does red meat upset your stomach?
Why do you get an upset stomach after eating sugar?
Why do people smell funny when they sleep?
Why cant you eat before labor induction?
Why should incubation period be so important to know?
Why do blood vessels look blue under the skin?
Why do people flare their nostrils?
Why is it bad to drink milk and alcohol?
Why are contraceptives important?
Why do some people like the smell of gasoline?
Why do yorkies die to early?
Why is it that food production is important?
Why do you have random nosebleeds?
Why is hard to breathe in summer?
Why would someone crave vinegar after being sick from excessive vomiting?
Why can people not drink salt water?
Why do I eat when I am tired and not necessarily hungry?
Why do your ears feel stuffed?
Why does opiate use stop menstruation?
Why would you even be sniffing it?
Why do you have leg pain and swelling after a broken leg repaired with a pin and screws?
Why do you take naps after school?
Why do you give a sick person a flower?
Why do you smell like what you eat?
Why is it hard to eradicate polio?
Why do spots weep?
Why do some people never get tired?
Why is there a Lump at side of neck?
Why does sulfur burn human skin?
Why is the world in such a mess?
Why do you always have sweaty hands?
Why do Mixed Race and Latino girls have nice bums?
Why do women cramp?
Why does your body hurt after you exercise?
Why do you hear a whistle in your ear when you talk?
Why do you burp after taking medicine?
Why do some people have faster heartbeat than other?
Why do you feel dizzy in the car?
Why do you get leg spasms when you are tired?
Why is only one fingernail turning white and the others are fine?
Why is polio vaccine prepared in injection form?
Why would someone have cravings for burnt matches and is it bad for you?
Why is caffeine bad for you?
Why are Kahlua cigars by Drew estate Sold Out everywhere you go?
Why do you pace back and forth?
Why does a kidney punch feels the way it does?
Why would body not produce enough semen?
Why does the grass always look greener on the other side?
Why does decaf upset your stomach?
Why is important to have trimmed fingernails?
Why are so many rap songs about drugs?
Why would you get bumps under your tongue?
Why is one foot swollen and the other is not?
Why would you get blisters on the roof of your mouth?
Why do your kidneys hurt when you have your period?
Why would your feet grow all of a sudden at 31 years old?
Why do i keep getting mouth ulcers?
Why does tea make you urinate so much?
Why does urine smell so strong?
Why are most worms are harmful?
Why do humans have four types of teeth?
Why do you get migraine?
Why would someone like the taste of the glue on envelopes and stamps?
Why did the disease The Black Plague seem to disappear in the winter?
Why are theme restaurant is so important?
Why does salty foods make us thirsty?
Why is masturbaiting a sin?
Why do you get a headache after swimming?
Why does one of your hands keep getting colder than the other one?
Why would you be craving broccoli?
Why would you get dizzy and short of breath when you eat?
Why is strychnine not desirable for euthanasia?
Why is it necessary to spread greenery?
Why is the drug ICE so popular?
Why do you get pain after 6 months after paralysis?
Why would you have blood and white blood cells in your urine?
Why is the normal color of urine yellow?
Why do living organisms need living space?
Why do you get full when you eat?
Why do you get pale when taking drugs?
Why do avascular tissues heal slowly?
Why does my burp smell like rotten eggs?
Why would urine smell like breakfast sausage?
Why does your breath smell like cream corn?
Why does my right arm hurt all the time?
Why are your big toes so scaly?
Why do you feel discomfort in your throat?
Why is selling your organs immoral?
Why is basketball enjoyable?
Why is constipation a problem after prostate removal?
Why do medical forms request a persons race?
Why do you crave ice?
Why do folic acid deficiency anemia does not cause a neurologic manifestation?
Why is your poo purple?
Why do people starve themselves when they know its bad?
Why does the right side of your chest always hurt?
Why do people curl over their abdominal area in danger?
Why would someone have a headache after a vasovagal syncope?
Why do you want to work for our hospital at a job interview?
Why do so many Jews wear glasses?
Why are young and old people susceptible hosts?
Why do some people think organic food is a good idea?
Why would you have frequent shooting pains in your abdomen?
Why is depression and suicide associated with punk music?
Why do people get insomnia?
Why is fecal matter brown?
Why do men wear thongs?
Why do ulcers make you lose weight?
Why would a lump form in your leg in the spot where you previously had a bruise?
Why are trans unsaturated fats more harmful than unsaturated fats?
Why is it healthy to go into a sauna?
Why is the word ambulance written backwards on ambulances?
Why do you not like the feel of blackboard chalk or velvet?
Why do females fart more often than males?
Why are some peoples toes long?
Why would you get a sharp pain in your rectum out of nowhere?
Why are microscopes used in biology?
Why is basketball related to physical education?
Why do burps taste weird?
Why does Pneumonia occurs more commonly in males than females?
Why is the new strain of tuberculosis so deadly?
Why is Sheila Bridges bald?
Why would your semen be clear?
Why is it dangerous if you smell to much petrol?
Why do people use methanol to illegally adulterate alcoholic products?
Why is a balanced diet important for a child?
Why do some people talk when they are dreaming?
Why do drugs have side effects?
Why does the arterial Po2 decrease with emphysema?
Why do you die of sunstroke?
Why does your brain have crevises?
Why was Georgie killed off on General Hospital?
Why is the ultrasound a preferred modern medical tool?
Why do they drain your knee?
Why do my Kidneys hurt and my bladder fills full?
Why do you get a funny aftertaste when you eat sugar?
Why do you pass wet gas?
Why did William Hutchinson die?
Why is it that you can crack your ankle continuously when you rotate it in a circle but you can only crack your wrists once by doing that?
Why do doctors have patients refrain from drinking water after midnight on the day before a surgery?
Why would pregnancy hurt torn meniscus?
Why does my blood work show no rheumatoid arthritis?
Why is good nutrition so important during adolescence?
Why do you have anal leakage?
Why would your buttocks hurt?
Why does your cat get hiccups?
Why do humans pollute the environment?
Why do people abuse drugs?
Why is the circulatory system called the cardiovascular system?
Why cant you wake a sleep walker?
Why are ligaments so slow to heal after an injury?
Why is your urine lemon yellow?
Why is it not suitable to wear rings with stones in a hospital setting?
Why is your head hurting after football practice?
Why is it harmful to eat ice?
Why does fecal matter stink?
Why is lead harmful to the human body?
Why is low foliate intake of particular concern for women of child bearing age?
Why does blistex turn your lips white?
Why do your hips hurt when its cold?
Why is it important to be physically fit?
Why are sports important?
Why did Gerard Way do drugs?
Why do we like to scratch a wound when its healing?
Why is the word hospital in the word hospitality?
Why do i Feel sick after head injury?
Why should a bald person or person with a shaved head be require the use of a hairnet?
Why do old people smell?
Why do girls mature faster than boys?
Why is Home Management Important?
Why is dietary fibre considered not a nutrient?
Why do boys have nipples?
Why are hot cheetos bad for your body?
Why do you have study health?
Why is there a dent in your arm but no bruise?
Why do women love to perform felatio?
Why are you so tired with this cold that you have?
Why should a living room get sunlight?
Why is the platelets count low in Acute Myeloid Leukemia?
Why are some animals colour blind?
Why do you poop a lot on your period?
Why is isopropanol used to precipitate DNA and what does it do to DNA to make it precipitate?
Why is water considered the best beauty product?
Why does blood taste like metal?
Why does a recovering drug addict brakes a relationship?
Why do you get headaches before a storm?
Why do women have mammary glands?
Why is it important to know your intelligence strengths?
Why cant you use the same lancet twice?
Why are crisps so bad for you?
Why is saltatory conduction faster?
Why do you twitch before you fall asleep?
Why do some people hate talking?
Why do we need to take drugs?
Why do some men have thin semen while others have thick?
Why do you pass out when you have blood drawn?
Why is it bad to eat chicken nuggets?
Why does human flatus smell worse in water?
Why would you bleed brown blood instead of red ever since you had your tubes tied two years ago?
Why do deaf people see better?
Why are drugs addictive?
Why is gluten harmful to human bodies?
Why do my bowel movement have blood in it?
Why do you get hiccups?
Why do you become thirstier drinking salt water?
Why is respiration essential for life?
Why can monkeys get Ebola?
Why is anemia common after gastric bypass?
Why are your feet always cold and sweaty?
Why is IV tubing changed periodically?
Why are psychiatrists called shrinks?
Why does the belly button stick out during pregnancy?
Why does eating a medium rare steak not pose the same risks as eating a raw hamburger?
Why do i Keep finding black worms in dripping bathtub?
Why do boys like to finger girls?
Why do balls hurt after you kick them?
Why do some people become addicted to eating cement?
Why does someone vomit?
Why do celebrities take drugs?
Why does an inquiry about idiopathic return a description of thrombocytopenia?
Why are people put on death row?
Why does your skin go red after a hot shower?
Why is it bad to eat fish sticks?
Why would your genitals tingle after urinating?
Why is epinephrine used during a leep?
Why does the tongue have taste buds?
Why were drugs created by god?
Why do you need a drug rehab in your community?
Why would you be contagious BEFORE you catch a disease?
Why does semen taste bitter?
Why is it important that tendons do not stretch?
Why do seafoods prevent goiter?
Why is organic food less healthy?
Why do some people associate microorganisms with disease?
Why are mobile phones dangerous for your health?
Why do you cough at night?
Why do men scratch their balls?
Why do girls scrath there vagina?
Why is bread mold harmful to the body?
Why is reading the label on food products important?
Why do you like peeling scouring pads?
Why do they say hearing is the last thing to go when you are dying?
Why does it hurt after you ejaculate?
Why are some diseases inherited?
Why could your cat have a growing spot in her eye?
Why do taste buds react taste differently by different foods to different people?
Why do nipples grow back?
Why is food so important for survival?
Why do you have big toes?
Why do you want to know how to make EPO?
Why is blood type O the universal donar?
Why does lower to mid back hurts when taking deep breath?
Why is good tasting food so bad?
Why is nerve conduction important?
Why do men get a rush when girls finger themselfs?
Why do your breasts get tender and swollen two to three weeks before your period?
Why do nurses and physicians use 70 alcohol to wipe the skin before giving injection?
Why are old people so weird?
Why are some snacks foods called junk food?
Why does phlegm taste sour?
Why do humans need sleep?
Why is flatulence almost always associated with fat people?
Why is the pulse of the neck checked instead of the radial pulse?
Why is food sometimes bad for your health?
Why are red cells small in anemia?
Why do adolescent girls talk so much?
Why do people sneeze?
Why is it necessary to have surgery for a pilonidal cyst?
Why are sprouts good for you?
Why is hematology always combined with oncology?
Why do leukemia patients feel tired?
Why does your optical prescription expire after two years?
Why is scarlet fever aslo called scarletina?
Why do you shiver when you sneeze?
Why has crack on bottom of big toe turned into a huge blister?
Why are women prone to more migraine headaches?
Why am iam having period symptoms but no bleeding?
Why did thomas brown hewitt kill?
Why do drug side effects occur?
Why are toilets called johns?
Why do people sweat?
Why do guys ejaculate?
Why are your ancles pudgy?
Why is semen sticky?
Why does the weather cause a migraine?
Why do people have trouble remembering their dreams?
Why is my semen thick?
Why are the legs cut when a person has diabetes?
Why is health important for your education?
Why do doctors induce labor?
Why do human being laugh?
Why do people bad mouth chiropractic?
Why do you fit this technical competency?
Why is inflammation good?
Why does your right arm feel cold and sometimes painful?
Why are some bruises green?
Why is tobacco bad?
Why should you sit up straight?
Why do you get meningitis?
Why might someone with Lyme disease feel pain and constipation?
Why is health monitoring important for someone to have good health and well being?
Why are patients having ambulatory surgery rather than staying overnight in the hospital?
Why is it necessary for your blood to clot?
Why do all doctors write so badly?
Why is euthanasia needed?
Why do some doctors practice euthanesia?
Why is it important to wear lip gloss?
Why are certain drugs illegal?
Why do women have heavy discharge?
Why do animals get rickets?
Why does it hurt after you shave your pubic hair?
Why does your vision go black when you stand up to fast?
Why do people from different cultures smell differently?
Why would you care?
Why do you want to work at this hospital?
Why is my groin aching after biopsy procedure?
Why do your hands get so hot in the night time?
Why do pantyhose keep your legs from hurting?
Why does your mother take a bath?
Why do some belly buttons stick out?
Why is there a danger of infaction in the Operating room and how is it prevented?
Why is semen white?
Why do you grind your teeth through night?
Why is there pus in your penis?
Why does a lipoid cyst form?
Why is lead paint so harmful to children?
Why do they call it athletes foot?
Why am you bleeding heavily after laproscopic surgeryfeels like knives up inside?
Why is smoking bad?
Why would you want to smoke pine needles?
Why do you use exact 70 isopropanol?
Why is it important to know basic first aid especially artificial respiration?
Why do you have heavy periods?
Why am here?
Why is James Buchanan a load of and?
Why do ladies have such big boobs?
Why do your kidneys fail?
Why is your lower leg hurting?
Why is second hand smoke worse than first hand?
Why does your uvula swell up?
Why is fluoride bad for you?
Why are people smarter then others?
Why does it burn to pee after sex?
Why is chalk eating dangerous?
Why is sleeping important for life exercise?
Why would your doctor order thiamine 50 mgm?
Why do people use drugs?
Why do some people have extra nipples?
Why are lymphocytes found in small numbers in the blood when they represent one of the largest defense systems?
Why would a patient need IVT?
Why are antibiotics only prescribed for bacterial disease?
Why do humans walk slower when walking backwards?
Why was the stethoscope invented?
Why would a person have no immunity to Hepatitis B after having the hep b vaccination series done twice?
Why does my body ache after sleeping with the fan blowing on me?
Why did the cookie go to the hospital?
Why is there not a human dewormer and parasite killer medicine for humans?
Why are children most affected by dengue compared to adults?
Why do people polarize in relationships?
Why is your urine dark yellow?
Why does hydrogen peroxide foam when you put it on a cut?
Why does the mirror fog up when you take a shower?
Why is DNA typing also called as DNA profiling?
Why would someone admit to you that they do drugs?
Why should you not drink lake water?
Why do girls have more body flexibility than boys?
Why is leukemia so deadly?
Why does the doctor hold your testicles when you cough?
Why do people get goose bumps on the skin?
Why does stuffy air cause insomnia?
Why are synthetic fibers used in place of cotton?
Why do you get migraines?
Why are chocolates wrapped in silver paper?
Why do you wake with a sweaty bum every morning?
Why am I getting tears in my eyes while sleeping?
Why do you need the respiratory system?
Why may a blood clot continue to expand even when bleeding stops?
Why am I having backaches and brown spotting for 3 days and nausea but no actual period any ideas husband had a vasectomy 6 months ago really am wondering if this has anything to do with it?
Why would a knot last longer than a year?
Why do people crave pickled food?
Why do you stay with a drug addict?
Why do alveoli lack cilia and mucous?
Why dopamine is not prescribed in case of parkinsons disease?
Why do some people become warm after eating?
Why would it?
Why do you have phlem coughing and running nose?
Why does underneath your belly button hurt?
Why do women have abortions when they can just give the child up for adoption?
Why does suboxone show up in drug test?
Why is the Adams apple more pronounced in men?
Why is it important to promote client independance while attending to their care?
Why do men need to urinate against the wall?
Why does it feel weired around your belly button?
Why would both your hand and leg start feeling numb?
Why do some parents that are short end up having extremely tall children even though most of the family members on both sides are overall short?
Why is it that some people never get sick?
Why do people slit their wrists?
Why is there such an emphasis today on proper nutrition?
Why do i have such light and sweet blood?
Why do you want to pursue a career in health care?
Why did the kangaroo see a psychiatrist?
Why are drugs good in hospitals?
Why do your balls always itch?
Why is the eight ball good luck?
Why do people float and sink?
Why are some teens fat?
Why did John Lennon take drugs?
Why do humans need oxygen to survive?
Why are there so many different types of cancers?
Why do guys like their dicks sucked?
Why do have pain above your penis?
Why does it take a couple of hours before you start feeling ill from food poisoning?
Why have black people been treated so harshly?
Why do you feel sick at school in lunch room?
Why would you have anal mucous?
Why does your right palm itch frequently?
Why would someone need a uvulectomy?
Why is your penis muscles shrinking?
Why does the vagina need to be connected to the penis for the woman to get pregnant?
Why are so many young people dissatisfied with their body image?
Why do people get appendicitis?
Why is benzene in the human body?
Why do you sleep walk?
Why doctors advice to take curd along with antibiotics?
Why do some emos cut themselves?
Why do I have clear or white vaginal discharge?
Why should you keep your reproductive organ healthy?
Why do people snore when they sleep?
Why do you blink?
Why is the holistic movement developing?
Why should you use R B C free serum for elisa test?
Why is plastic surgery called plastic surgery?
Why does hair split?
Why does your chest hurt when you drink alcohol?
Why is sugar added in cereal?
Why did the depression start?
Why does a scab form over the cut?
Why are carrots good for the eyes?
Why do you go pee before you go to bed?
Why does marijauana make your face break out?
Why do you get a headache or dizziness when you sleep a few more hours than you normally do?
Why are your senses heightened when you have a migraine?
Why is the corner of your eye a little yellow?
Why do you get a headache after drinking?
Why is fruits and vegetables good for you?
Why are my Right foot and right hand tingling?
Why is some peoples earwax darker than others?
Why do your feet feel so cold?
Why would your beard look reddish blonde in the sunlight and dark brown in normal light?
Why did a bug bite on your shoulder turn into a bruise?
Why are there fewer left handers than right handers?
Why do people get mouth ulcers from eating chocolate?
Why is your mom having a recurring vomiting?
Why would it taste like gasoline when you burp?
Why is platinum used for anticancer drugs?
Why would you feel sore nipples which have a purple centre and raised lumpssmell of things especially food makes you feel sicktireddizzyfaintpain in back and legsfeverurinating more?
Why do guys fall asleep after they ejaculate?
Why are cold noses red?
Why do you need many red blood cells in the body?
Why does your left lower back hurt when you stand up or run but only when your left leg hits the ground or straightens out?
Why does your eyelid get purple?
Why is silver nitrate used in cauterization of wounds?
Why do young women want to be sexually active?
Why are negros black?
Why are kids having sex at younger and younger ages?
Why do your finger nails break way down?
Why does my right hand and arm goes to sleep during my sleep and it does not easily wake up?
Why should you not drink seawater?
Why does your daughter lie about her grades the money she has spent when she knows you will find out sooner or later?
Why did they get so skinny in concentration camp?
Why does your foreskin hurt after sex?
Why do you get migraine headache after your menstrual cycle?
Why are graves 6 feet deep?
Why have you started snoring recently?
Why do people not feel like doing anything?
Why are opened fractures a serious medical condition?
Why are chicken wings bad for you?
Why is smoking band on petrol pumps?
Why do addicts ingest so much sugar?
Why do you have a two way circulatory system?
Why is your period 1 month late when it is always on time and you are not pregnant but you have fibroids and could this have caused the missed period?
Why would your ring and little finger be twitching?
Why do high concentrations of blood smell like ammonia?
Why is anesthetic not used when a patient has a fever?
Why do knuckles crack?
Why is eye coordination important?
Why is it bad to wake someone up while they are sleepwalking?
Why do you have fingernails?
Why do people have birthmarks?
Why do your feet hurt when you walk or after you sit for awhile?
Why is alcohol used in thermometers?
Why do teenagers get stretch marks?
Why does modern life makes us disease prome?
Why do you breathe?
Why is it important to have a debrief after an emergency?
Why would someone eat matches?
Why did my ultrasound show negative when iam three months pregnant?
Why would my arms and hands become totally numb within 2 hours of going to sleep?
Why is your semen greenish?
Why is water so important for your bodies?
Why doctor dips the thermometer in a liquid before use?
Why are lungs like sponges?
Why would you have the need to smell gasoline?
Why are some condoms studded?
Why does people chill when there is a fever?
Why do kids look like there parents?
Why do you need adensosine triphosphate?
Why are burps so loud?
Why does refrigeration stop bacteria from multiplying?
Why are genetics important?
Why do I ejaculate before and during kissing?
Why do soft drinks fizz?
Why did goldberg stop wrestling?
Why does your heart rate go up after you play a football video game more than a basketball video game?
Why does the antibiotics only affect the bacteria?
Why did filtered blood from a yellow ever patient still cause yellow fever when injected in to another patient?
Why do your farts smell so bad?
Why is vinegar a cleaner?
Why is there medicine at all?
Why is it good for people that have arthritis to live in a dry climate?
Why do baleen whales have two blow holes?
Why do toothed whales have 1 blowhole?
Why cant you stop yawning?
Why are you born to die?
Why is alcohol not an effective disinfectant on bacteria growth?
Why would an adult normally spit up food after eating?
Why is your tongue not healing if you burned it on very hot gravy 3 weeks ago and now it is irritated and red and did you burn a layer of skin off?
Why did Europeans come to South America?
Why do elderly people chew constantly?
Why do malnourished children have large abdomens?
Why does nicotine cause necroses?
Why do many adults snore but most children do not?
Why would the red blood cell count be high while living in high altitudes?
Why do you throw up when you cry or get upset?
Why am you always wet wheather you have sex or not?
Why does your neck crack?
Why does your neck crack?
Why do men have nippels?
Why is my mom being opiniated and comming down on me a lot?
Why does your shoulders and the top of your back lock when you sleep and wake you up with the pain?
Why would my boyfriend say that the sperm on his penis is not his?
Why do I have itchy armpits?
Why doctors ask diabetic patients if they have a eye and foot exam?
Why would a man have bloody urine?
Why do you wake up early?
Why do some people choose to smoke?
Why does left inner leg fill like it has electricity going through it?
Why does your poodle have seizures?
Why do people have tattoos?
Why do girls have pimples?
Why does gum blow big bubbles?
Why is sport good for your health?
Why do scrotums bleed?
Why do teeth have curves?
Why do flowers have poison?
Why do I get Large itchy bumps that just appear?
Why do you have green puss in my bowel?
Why do people grow taller?
Why is toothpaste alkali?
Why does your blood go to the surface of the skin when exercising?
Why is alcohol the most wanted drug?
Why does your tail bone hurt when im sitting or pooping?
Why does lettuce give indigestion?
Why do hormones causes issues in woman over forty?
Why does it makes sense that mitochondria might be different in the cells of older people?
Why do athletes eat so many carbohydrates?
Why do teenagers commit suicide?
Why can some people see better than others?
Why do you have to keep your eyes closed when you seeze?
Why should surfers drink plenty of water?
Why does your 7 year old son wear his sisters underwear?
Why would a woman ask for a hug?
Why is toenail falling off?
Why did europeans name the disease the black death?
Why do you need oxygen to stay alive?
Why do you cumm in public?
Why do you always feel tired?
Why do you breathe hard after or during sex?
Why are Japanese short?
Why is surgical asepsis is violated if you wear rings during application of sterile gloves?
Why does sitting cross legged for a long time cause your legs to fall asleep?
Why do you have a salty taste in your mouth all the time?
Why do migraine headaches always seem to begin in one eye or the other but not both?
Why does water for injection not require sterilization?
Why do you get sick when you play in the rain?
Why are there no results in pyschotherapy and what is the evidence that supports this?
Why is it important shoes are the right size?
Why are some drugs only available by prescription?
Why is president Mugabe refusing his people the right to have any human rights?
Why do living things need food?
Why does James Spader seem to have a real life medical problem on Boston Legal Has something happened to him?
Why would a 48 year old woman be having 26 day cycle periods along with more than 1 period on other months?
Why does the gaseous odor emitted from humans smell like it does?
Why are my eyes always red?
Why cant I stay awake?
Why do red blotches appear all over my body when i become hot or start to sweat?
Why should you NOT drink sea water?
Why should you eat less sugar?
Why have i got White lumps inside cheek?
Why should a person be physically fit?
Why do babys eat there poop?
Why is soccer beneficial 2007?
Why do Chinese people eat a lot of white rice?
Why would the doctor give you medication without informing you of your condition?
Why can humans not eat wood?
Why is monogamy a requirement for placement of an IUD?
Why is medication prescribed?
Why do you have a crust in your nipples sometimes?
Why are there only five fingers on a hand?
Why do guys wanna touch a girls breast?
Why does your head hurt when you cry?
Why are your hands and feet sometimes cold when your body is warm?
Why does my poop smell like fruit?
Why is first aid important at sporting events?
Why do humans have dreams?
Why do girls have breast that stick out?
Why does the doctor prescribe birth control pills for an irregular period and will you be able to get pregnant?
Why is tap water cleaner than bottled water?
Why do you ginger haired people have freckles?
Why do your boobs itch alot?
Why does a dog snort?
Why did you have light putty like poo?
Why is gum bad for you?
Why is health insurance so expensive in the US?
Why is your nose stud sucked into your nose?
Why do blood types matter for blood donating purposes?
Why would a asthmatic perso have difficulty breathing?
Why is smoky urine found in urine analysis?
Why do sperm cells have a tail?
Why cannot use the same lancet twice?
Why would you have a complete urine analysis and culture and sensitivity?
Why do you keep hearing beeping in your ear?
Why is it hard to think when your tired?
Why do the elderly need fats and oils?
Why does the human voice sound different after waking up from sleep?
Why do you get pain from your sperm when you ejaculate?
Why do parts of your body fall asleep?
Why does eating salty foods make you thirsty?
Why do humans have earlobes?
Why do people die when they are shot?
Why do you hear a noise in the ear?
Why do dogs get gas?
Why does crying make your head ache?
Why do cramps hurt?
Why do nails turn yellow after a period of time and length?
Why is pregnancy consideres the most crucial cycle of life?
Why is the pancreas considered both an endocrine gland and an exocrine organ?
Why do you care for your health?
Why do people cry when they are sad?
Why do you feel so tired somedays that you can not concentrate and other days you have a lot of energy you have been this way your whole adult life?
Why is it impotant to be fit?
Why do we have schools?
Why do men ejaculate?
Why do humans have two eyes?
Why do you have cracks in your tongue?
Why are people often given rubdowns with isopropyl alcohol?
Why is immunisation important?
Why is it that teens that are having sex are more likely to be depressed and kill themselves?
Why do teenagers commit suicide because of drug use?
Why do teenagers use drugs?
Why do pregnant and lactating women need more protein?
Why was the thermometer invented?
Why do you become dehydrated from taking drugs?
Why do you have red splotches on your skin and you never used to?
Why do you want to work as dietician in this hospital?
Why are cheek cells important?
Why would a child have a panic attack when they think they lost something insignificant they find on the gorund?
Why do you sleep all the time?
Why is it dangerous to receive blood of a different type than your own?
Why do you bleed from your butt sometimes when you go poop?
Why am I bleeding on the second patch ortho evra bright red blood?
Why should you stop popping pimples once blood or a clear fluid start to come out?
Why does your 11 year old son wear a thong?
Why is it life threatening to have a high fever?
Why is the surface of my teeth not smooth anymore since I went for my yearly cleaning?
Why do teens need to eat a variety of foods?
Why is the galacy so big?
Why did you choose the phototransduction mechanism in retina?
Why is washing everyday important?
Why should you not poke anything in your ear?
Why do you itch at night on your knees and elbows?
Why do diseases spread so quickly in Africa?
Why is it necessary to conserve renewable resources?
Why is Health Day celebrated?
Why is knowing First Aid so important?
Why do you get a burn on your skin when you put table salt on it and cover it with regular ice?
Why is the atria so thin walled?
Why are there soo many diseases?
Why am I so tall?
Why is diamond more valuable than gold?
Why are they called kidney beans?
Why should you donate money to a cancer hospital?
Why do you need a tetanus injection if you get cut by rusty nail or tin?
Why do you feel like eating highlighters?
Why is it deviant if someone licks the ground?
Why is it bad to eat french fries?
Why is the whites of your eyes so white?
Why do your fingers and toes shrivel up in the bathtub?
Why is it bad to hold in a sneeze?
Why am you so skinny?
Why are people advised to eat seasonal fruits and vegetables?
Why does your head hurt when you drink cold things?
Why does a nurse have to be optimistic?
Why would the sight of food on TV ads make a person who is not pregnant or anorexic feel sick or nauseated?
Why were native populations so susceptible to disease besides lack of immunities what made these diseases so devastating to Indians?
Why is CO poisonous but carbon dioxide is less toxic?
Why do some people need more sleep than others?
Why are pineapples healthy?
Why do you crave chocolate?
Why has melanoma increased since 1995?
Why do people prefer over the counter drugs over prescription drugs?
Why are seat belts used in cars and airplanes?
Why do you need a fan to sleep with?
Why is your urine pale green?
Why does harlee have syphillis?
Why do people die from radiation?
Why is it important for AB blood types to donate blood?
Why are hiccups contagious?
Why is salt important?
Why do people puke from motion sickness?
Why did women become nurses in the Civil War?
Why does lack of sleep mess up your body?
Why are some farts silent?
Why do your feet tingle when they fall asleep?
Why does the skin peel back on the top of my fingers?
Why would risperdal be prescribed for a child?
Why does the body need the nutrients?
Why do some medications contain hcl?
Why do farts happen?
Why are your breast leaking but the pregnancy test is negative and you have only had one period since the beginning of September?
Why did Britain pass new laws that the colonists referred to as the Intolerable Acts?
Why do people have a smoking fetish?
Why does your body temperate quickly increase when you have a heat stroke?
Why is ulcers painful?
Why do you have a circulatory system?
Why do men scratch their private parts?
Why is it free from diseases and microorganisms?
Why am you spotting while im pregnant?
Why does hair that is not connected to you tickle but hair that is connected to you not tickle?
Why am you leaking a small amount of colostrum but definitely not pregnant?
Why does alcohol dehydrate you?
Why does my five year old force himself to vomit?
Why do you have drugs?
Why is birth control so important?
Why are there no helpful viruses?
Why did physicians have difficulty diagnosing lyme disease when it first appeared?
Why should you not eat too many chips?
Why would a person hide alcohol bottles around the house?
Why is water important to life on earth?
Why is it important to wash your hands and when you need to do it?
Why do some men cum When you go to the bathroom?
Why should ammonia and bleach be stored separately in your home?
Why do people with no thyroid have small to no metabolism?
Why does your wrist hurt and its not swollen or bruised?
Why do you have green mussels?
Why do you feel clammy and break out in a light sweat after eating food high in sodium?
Why is it only the female mosquito that can transfer diseases such as malaria?
Why is cholesterol so important to your body?
Why do you still have pain after having your gallbladder removed?
Why does water have no taste?
Why does it feel like you have water in your ears when tilting head right and left?
Why does your sides and lower back keep bothering you?
Why are feet smelly?
Why is it healthier to breathe through the nose than through the mouth?
Why is this powder not helping your two year old after a year?
Why is tartan so annoying?
Why should you crawl rather than walk or run when there is fire in the house?
Why is cotton wool bad for us?
Why are drugs bad for you?
Why do you have to be at least 110 pounds to donate blood?
Why is human resource planning important?
Why are you baka?
Why do kids use the restroom on themselves?
Why do mountain climbers bring along oxygen tanks when they go up a mountain?
Why is it legal to have an abortion but illegal to kill yourself?
Why do leaves have a stomata?
Why does the human body use carbon?
Why does your girlfriend like to spit your semen in your mouth?
Why does hair grow under your arms when your twelve?
Why dont girls just keep their legs closed?
Why does not blood clot in pleural fluid?
Why does a penis stand up straight when it has an erection?
Why do gums ache when have a cold?
Why does football reuire football pads?
Why does alcohol work so fast?
Why is nitinol used in braces?
Why does Codeine help with Fibromyalgia?
Why do black people have extra padding in their feet?
Why is there discharge from rectum with a colostomy bag in place?
Why does your adult boyfriend still poo his pants?
Why is your vision worse with your new glasses?
Why does your eye twitch sometimes?
Why do sick people go to Lourdes?
Why am i bleeding at six weeks pregnant?
Why do people answer questions they clearly know nothing about?
Why do you feel so alone sometimes?
Why are apples colorful?
Why does 3 year old get mouth ulcers?
Why does your heartbeat?
Why do i Feel sick all the time and now for last 2 months been vomiting after eating?
Why does your chin hurt?
Why is caffine bad for you?
Why do girls miture faster than boys?
Why is it useful for the pancreas to lie right next to the duodenum?
Why do many people associate microorganisms with disease?
Why do we still use aspartame?
Why is my poop soft and messy and not firm and hard?
Why do we need body fat?
Why are you always tired and run down?
Why is less urine formed when the body loses a large amount of blood?
Why did christofer drew write what is love?
Why are vaccination a particularly effective method for controlling infectious disease?
Why might a doctor might not give you any medication if you have a viral disease?
Why is grilled chicken so bad for you?
Why cant you ejaculate?
Why have smallpox and polio been the only successfully eradicated diseases?
Why is it important that the kidneys return water to the blood?
Why is it so difficult for people to find clean drinking water?
Why is cum coming out instead of blood?
Why are dumbbells better than machines?
Why are you tired after eating too much?
Why do you swear profusely after drinking alcohol?
Why should clothes be kept clean and fresh?
Why is fluid important to your body?
Why have my arms have been red since pregnancy?
Why does your body need iodine and where does it go?
Why does smoking after sex feel so good?
Why is power important?
Why did you choose to be a nurse?
Why do I itch when I have been tested for all types of diseases?
Why dont zebras get ulcers?
Why dont Eskimos die from scurvy?
Why do your hair and nails keep growing after you die?
Why is thirst included in the signs and symptoms of a closed wound?
Why do you feel dizzy?
Why is licensure important in nursing?
Why am i having a brown discharge instead of my period?
Why would a career in banking appeal to you?
Why do people want to be pediatricians?
Why is love?
Why is water important in the body?
Why do feet feel numb and tingly all the time?
Why does lifting weights stunt your growth?
Why did most Italians immigrate to the US?
Why is rare hamburger bad for the health?
Why does one only have one penis?
Why does bread grow mold?
Why do skin wounds heal more slowly in winter?
Why is not recommended to get pregnant at 45?
Why are people colour blind?
Why do we have attitudes?
Why is it harder for fat women to get pregnant?
Why do some people want to abort babies?
Why do you shake and have migraines all the time?
Why do teens do drugs?
Why does a toenail break?
Why do people commit suicide When they are loved?
Why is water important to body function?
Why are people two tall?
Why do you need a wee all the time?
Why is blood type AB the universal recipient?
Why is tap water chlorinated?
Why does the scapula shoulder blade have broad surfaces?
Why do you sweat when you are sick?
Why do you close your eyes whenever you sneeze?
Why do you get nauseous all day when you are pregnant?
Why are most old people mean?
Why does your skin turn black and blue when you get a bruise?
Why is it dangerous to leave an ignited Bunsen burner unattended?
Why did Rebecca Lee Crumpler die?
Why do some people experience nose bleeding and some others experience shortness of breath at high elevetions?
Why do you need paper towels?
Why do you pee when you poop?
Why do old people smell bad?
Why are some reasons that the cigar lighter will not work in an 2004 Liberty?
Why are steroid medication use in cancer treatments?
Why does sugar make others hyper but makes you very sleepy and your blood work is normal?
Why do we have rain?
Why is it bad to lay down right after eating a meal?
Why is American healthcare privatized?
Why is exercise good for you?
Why do farts smell worse underwater?
Why do you need to study food safety and sanitation?
Why are carrots always in your sick?
Why do you breathe through your nose?
Why does a boy like girls saliva?
Why does euthanasia devalue human life?
Why is your nipple changing size and shape?
Why are many older women heavy in weight?
Why are fingers pointy?
Why is it important to have physical activity?
Why should a phlebotomist be familiar with infectious disease?
Why do someones pores close and skin is cold?
Why does your tongue change color when you eat certain foods?
Why cant soft drinks be drunk with meals?
Why do surgeons wait to perform surgery while patients are still in litigation?
Why is he bleeding in his nose spit vomit and urine?
Why is yawning contagious?
Why are silver tooth fillings toxic to your bodies?
Why are antioxidants protective?
Why do people lie about dieing when there really not?
Why would wearing lap belts in a car accident cause sustained bruises around the abdomen and had internal organ injuries?
Why is the right hand bigger than the left hand?
Why does the vagina sting after having unprotected sex?
Why does the rate of oxygen that you breathe in decrease when you exhale?
Why do some individuals proclaim euthanasia is equivalent to murder?
Why does God make disease?
Why does makahiya leaves guava leaves and madre de cacao leaves effective in making mosquito repellent?
Why do teen girls feel like they have to have sex?
Why do men love pregnant women?
Why do girls have stronger legs?
Why do humans shiver in the cold?
Why do socks get smelly?
Why do you replace your CPAP hose or tubing?
Why do normal people look at visually impaired people as though their bloody thick?
Why would your body flutter or shake inside?
Why have Health Insurance?
Why does sperm spill out after sex?
Why is Fluoride added to toothpaste?
Why is TV bad for you?
Why is it hard to stop smoking cigarretes?
Why are your nails peeling off completley?
Why are red blood cells important to the circulatory system?
Why do people like the weather that they like?
Why are organ systems important?
Why does your hair tern gray when you get old?
Why do children rock back and forth while seated?
Why does eating healthy make you live longer?
Why does not eat make your hair fall out?
Why did more soldiers die before world war 2 from there wounds?
Why do you get constipation?
Why did Frederick Mckinley Jones die?
Why do i get Headaches nosebleeds and a metallic taste every day?
Why do some diseases skip a generation?
Why should cell phones be banned while driving a vehicle?
Why is tobacco bad for young adults?
Why is it illegal when brother and sister have sex?
Why do you do euthanasia?
Why do girls nipples get hard Sometimes you can see their nipples through their shirts?
Why does your penis feel good when masturbating?
Why does it hurt so much when you stub your toe?
Why are autoimmune disorders so dangerous?
Why am i getting puss from my anus?
Why do you fall ill?
Why is a headache only on the left side of head?
Why did Russians come to America?
Why did anyone from Europe, Asia, Africa, or anywhere else come to America?
Why do I have cramps after eating pecans?
Why do people take drugs?
Why do white blood cells have a nucleus and red blood cells do not?
Why does JEAN twitch his eye?
Why does your back itch after you cough a bunch?
Why is bounty paper towel better then viva paper towel?
Why are antacids insoluble?
Why do you get risens?
Why do you have no cold water in cold weather?
Why was there foam discharge during sex?
Why is fried chicken so bad for you?
Why is Cindy fat?
Why does my toothbrush always smell so bad after i have only used it a few times?
Why do people lose ambition?
Why do you feel like you need to?
Why is cellulose or dietary fiber intake healthy?
Why do you shiver when you sneeze and are not sick or having allergies?
Why would you have swelling tenderness and pain and lump inside front of neck on left side of windpipe and it feels like it clicks out of place?
Why is it important to have secure systems for recording and storing in a health and social setting?
Why is karyotyping performed?
Why is insect repellent bad for us?
Why are people different colors?
Why is it important to know your blood type?
Why do you feel cold at night and hot on a morning?
Why is your sperm yellow?
Why does your arm ache after sleeping?
Why is it better to wear light clothes in the sun?
Why is it important to know the name of the drug you are using?
Why does being g6pd deficient limit the medications you can take to treat a staff infection?
Why does head butting hurt your opponent more than it hurts you?
Why does your nose job still hurt 5 years later It seems to be tender or infected is draining the nose an option?
Why do some people bleed from the nose and mouth when they die?
Why are there blood clots in my mouth?
Why are people allergic to penicillin?
Why was Hitler in a hospital during World War One?
Why do you tingle when you sleep?
Why does your foot tingle when waking up?
Why is pizza not good for us when it has all these vegetables and good quality bread?
Why is the build up of lactic acid painful?
Why are psychiatrists sometimes called psychologists?
Why do organizams need oxygen?
Why do i feel like you have to pee all the time for almost 6 months now?
Why do vaginas sometimes have an odor?
Why do Indians smell like curry?
Why is frozen carbon dioxide called dry ice?
Why do nightmares occur?
Why would a female have facial hair problems when her mother didnt?
Why should you be an rn instead of a nurse?
Why is your period just spotting?
Why are wedding rings always on left finger?
Why do women have clits?
Why do cigars exsist?
Why do you need cardiovascular endurance for football?
Why do you emit white clouds from your mouth in winter?
Why do people drink Alcoholic Beverages?
Why do you laugh when tickled?
Why do so many teenagers commit suicide?
Why do people who live in high altitudes have a greater lung capacity than people who live at sea level?
Why did molly pitcher die?
Why would thay give a kid a day off of school?
Why do people eat their fingers?
Why does your butt have bunions?
Why is drinking bad?
Why do plants need sunshine?
Why is yawning so contagious?
Why did they invent the band aid?
Why are croc shoes bad for your feet?
Why do people sell drugs?
Why do people need food?
Why are your eye whites yellow?
Why is pH so important in biology?
Why did US use Agent Orange?
Why is it advantageous for girls to have broad hips?
Why are bums so big?
Why does the water from your cold faucet not get cold?
Why is dead weight of a person feel heavier than live weight?
Why are dried apricots good for you?
Why would serum calcium be elevated in osteoporosis?
Why do you wake up at 3 am every night?
Why is Lil Wayne in the hospital?
Why is the thoracic cavity separated from the abdominal cavity by the diaphragm?
Why is the kidney an evolutionary advancement for land animals?
Why is it useful to have first aid qualifications?
Why did kangaroo see a psychiatrist?
Why would you want to?
Why do my Legs ache when my feet are cold?
Why is play important to children?
Why are nutrients important to the human body?
Why cant you stop global warming?
Why are your feet peeling?
Why does a dogs urine smell like ammonia?
Why is your upper palette always itchy?
Why would your eye turn yellow?
Why does your heart rate increase during physical activity?
Why did Jimi Hendrix take drugs?
Why do lips twitch?
Why is a shower called a shower?
Why do we blink?
Why would your left eye twitch?
Why is the right kidney higher than the left kidney?
Why might parents not immunize their children?
Why does your wrist click everytime you move it btw your is meant to be m y and you is meant to be i is there a medical reason for this or is it natural?
Why are hickeys so bad?
Why does your butt hole itch so bad?
Why does human skin freeze?
Why does it take 6 to 8 weeks for a delivery OF CIGARS?
Why is mercury hazardous to your health?
Why do ear infections affect your balance?
Why is nicotine considered a drug?
Why do you hiccup when you eat too fast?
Why should you not eat processed food?
Why does your butt hole bleed with no pain?
Why are medications given subcutaneously?
Why do you have blue hands and you are not cold?
Why do you think causes your temperatures rise when you are sick?
Why do you brush your teeth before you go to sleep?
Why is there difference in the normal value of haemoglobin in human beings and animals?
Why does one left arm go numb?
Why is it important working within your own sphere of competence?
Why do some people pee clear pee?
Why is it hard to bring a cholesterol level back down?
Why do those people who feel tired all the time need more iron in their body?
Why are prescriptions required for some drugs?
Why are single malts not served with soft drinks?
Why do older people often need brighter light to properly see objects?
Why do some peoples feet go purple in the shower?
Why did Louis Braille die?
Why do you blame your self for not being skinny?
Why do 11 to 15 year old children need so much sleep?
Why do you have spotting 1 week before your period?
Why do they go by the the first day of your last period instead of conception?
Why do fingernails turn brown?
Why do people boil water when someone is having a baby?
Why are feces sometimes green?
Why do you laugh?
Why do humans breathe?
Why is a hospital gown sometimes called a johnnie?
Why does it take longer to get the maximum health benefit from a leisurely walk than from swimming laps?
Why do cardiac enzymes increase during a myocardial infarction?
Why do people want so much alcohol?
Why are environmental rules NOT enforced for ALL countries since the same environment is shared by ALL countries?
Why does poop smell bad?
Why do fat people smell bad?
Why do my farts stink 10 time more than any one else?
Why would your ankles and feet swell up all the time and legs from knees down turn really red?
Why do people use illegal drugs?
Why should you think of hispanic heritage when you see the yellow veil of mustard blossoms on the road side?
Why do people live longer?
Why do people have alcohol problems?
Why do scientist and doctors study the biomechanics of others in order to make prosthetics?
Why cant you fall asleep?
Why do kids want to look like their favorite idol?
Why do people get the hiccups?
Why is mental retardation not considered a disease?
Why is it so hard to stop drinking soft drinks?
Why do i get drunk faster than i used to?
Why is the appendix needed?
Why does euthanasia devaluate life?
Why is obesity a problem?
Why do drugs make your eyes dilate?
Why would a woman bleed after sex as if her hymen was torn however she is not a virgin but has not had sex for a while?
Why do the people on the emergency line sit there and ask you questions instead of sending an ambulance during an emergency?
Why do you get your period 2 weeks early?
Why is bacteria so important in your everyday lives?
Why do you look pale when you are sick?
Why is the computer so important in your daily life?
Why is there a random taste in your mouth?
Why is it important to have a healthy lifestyle?
Why are you so tired?
Why was toothpaste invented?
Why do you startle easy?
Why am Ia boy shorter than your younger sister?
Why does everyone hate wombats?
Why do bandages stick less when they become wet?
Why does your poop get stuck?
Why do people smoke joints?
Why are girls smarter than guys?
Why is there Swelling all around one eye that keeps tearing?
Why do people like water?
Why did pleasure go solo?
Why did the Europeans name this disease the black death?
Why do people think being emo is cool?
Why do you inhale?
Why is Euthanasia illegal?
Why does your body need fat?
Why do you have a musclular system?
Why is McDonalds so unhealthy for people?
Why is one breast bigger than the other?
Why do teenagers need more sleep than adults?
Why are there more boys than girls?
Why do people get bags under their eyes?
Why does your body need iodine?
Why are antibiotics not effective against viruses?
Why did rich people generally live longer than poor people in medieval times?
Why does your penis go big after masterbating?
Why are oats good for you?
Why is the human eye important?
Why do antidepressants make you have suicidal thoughts?
Why does urine smell like corn?
Why would the inside of your anus be sore?
Why do you have a headache all day long?
Why do i have the urge to urinate frequently then nothing comes out?
Why do you feel cold all the time but have no fever?
Why is sex needed?
Why should eye drops be instilled into the lower conjunctival sac?
Why would you like to live in New Zealand?
Why is it difficult to develop a vaccine to prevent the common cold?
Why do you shut your eyes when sneezing?
Why do people start using drugs?
Why do girls were diapers to school?
Why is personal hygiene important?
Why might you become antisocial?
Why is oxygen important for air?
Why is the blood called the river of life?
Why do your fingers and toes appeared wrinkled when you step out of a shower or pool?
Why is first aid important at the kitchen?
Why would you sometimes have white spots on your tonsils?
Why do humans open their eyes just before they die?
Why is awareness on first aid necessary among people?
Why do people get colon cancer?
Why are lips and tongue pink?
Why do people take grapes to hospital patients?
Why does left arm hurt after sneezing?
Why should drugs stay illegal?
Why is Down syndrome called Down syndrome?
Why do you get hangovers after drinking alcohol?
Why is flavonoids needed for our body?
Why may you feel constantly tired thirsty and have lost weight and lose your appetite also sometimes feel nausea tingling in your hands and have headaches?
Why do people have earwax?
Why are the rays of the sun more harmful during a solar eclipse?
Why is Ayurveda not included as a subcategory in health?
Why is tuberculosis right lung apex more common?
Why is there a white halo around the iris of your eyes?
Why do you have pruned skin after a bath?
Why is it that only the female anopheles mosquito cause malaria?
Why is first aid necessary?
Why do people do wrong?
Why are enzymes secreted in an inactive form?
Why is oral communication used in health and social care settings?
Why do we urinate more often in cold weather?
Why is the image on the retina upside down?
Why is it important to manage information effectively and efficiently?
Why is it important to manage information effectively and efficiently?
Why are plasters blue?
Why should sugar be used in moderation?
Why do sperm cells have an abundance of mitochondria between the head of the sperm and the tail?
Why do you need oxygen?
Why do humans need vitamins?
Why do swimmers need cardiovascular endurance?
Why is that Is this serious Should I tell my Mom What should I do?
Why do you wet the bed at the age of 13?
Why is the inside of your mouth wet?
Why do people use sign language?
Why does diabetes happen?
Why is social health important?
Why do girls like semen in the face?
Why do you use a condom?
Why is vitamin D is the sunshine vitamin?
Why do you think cardiovascular diseases are so common in the US?
Why is iodine important to the human body?
Why do you have symptoms before a fever?
Why is cartilage slow to heal?
Why is male heart rate different from that of female?
Why is exercise important?
Why do you get a sore throat after vomiting?
Why do you need to take a shower?
Why do people say blood is blue inside the body?
Why is every cold you get a new disease?
Why do spiders sleep?
Why do gold teeth cause halitosis and leave a bad taste in your mouth?
Why do ants gather around human semen?
Why does sunburn happen?
Why does your mouth feel dry?
Why does the human body need to sleep?
Why can you not put a transdermal medication patch on the palm of hands or feet?
Why are turds so funny?
Why does my skin feels sore when clothes touch?
Why are hospitals cold?
Why is exhaled air warmer than inhaled air?
Why is medicine important?
Why is there mercury in fish?
Why is the water in Africa dirty?
Why do you have to shower?
Why does a food spoiled?
Why would you need epinephrine?
Why does pseudotumor cerebri only effect you during pregnancy?
Why do you cough after eating cold foods such as ice cream?
Why does propylthiouracil change the metabolic rate seen in a thyroidectomized rat?
Why do you need nose?
Why do we breathe in oxygen and breath out carbon dioxide?
Why is kidney failure fatal?
Why is cholesterol good?
Why are opiates and nicotine so addictive?
Why has the effectiveness of many antibiotics diminished over the past few decades?
Why do you get horny from amphetamines?
Why do we gulp when nervous?
Why does your neck always feel like you need to pop it?
Why are urine tests used?
Why would there be blood in your semen?
Why is synthesis important?
Why did they change the food guide pyramid?
Why does perspiration cool down the body?
Why is your tongue itchy?
Why do the sports drinks have the same water potential as the cell of your body?
Why are hospitals worried about bacteria?
Why do people take insulin as a medication on a regular basis?
Why do your fingers and toes get pruned in water?
Why is hydrochloric acid acidic in your stomach?
Why do people moan in their sleep?
Why are inversion ankle sprains more common than eversion ankle sprains?
Why is mercury bad for you when it enters your body?
Why do you have constant hiccups during pregnancy?
Why does cosmetics have to be tested before use?
Why do people fall asleep when bored?
Why is salt so effective in reducing bacterial infections?
Why does the skin fit the body so well?
Why did herbal tea cure scurvy?
Why are you taller in the morning than you are at night?
Why is AIDS is deadly diseases?
Why should the United States change health care system to provide universal care?
Why would a psychiatrist prescribe lithium with Prozac if a person is not diagnosed bipolar?
Why is it good to have a first aid certificate?
Why do doctors think diabetes might be a virus?
Why do you not have a nose?
Why does the morrir fog up when you take a shower?
Why do teens use drugs?
Why is the case Darling v Charleston Community Memorial Hospital considered a benchmark case?
Why did William wallaces wife die?
Why is the drug trade an example of organised crime?
Why is secondary response faster than primary response?
Why does uncooked chicken result in food poisoning?
Why do you sleep 12 hours a night?
Why does one get autism?
Why is choking important?
Why do homeowners check for radon in there home?
Why did god told Abraham to kill his son?
Why cannabis are soft drugs?
Why is hard for a men to ejaculate?
Why is blood flow increase good?
Why is it important to have policies and procedures?
Why do you need a bath?
Why do you smell of urine?
Why is the study of health important to the Christian?
Why is whole wheat good?
Why do nurses become nurses?
Why is my arm swollen red sore and warm to touch after injecting meth when I drew back blood and it didnt burn during injection?
Why is your bed comfier in the mornings?
Why do you only get chickenpox once?
Why is sexting so bad?
Why does a person has hiccups?
Why are people addicted to tanning beds?
Why is it so hard to kill most parasites?
Why is euthanasia right?
Why do some vaccines cause the disease?
Why do men have quick orgasms all the time?
Why do people use anticoagulant and how does it work?
Why does someone hum without knowing it?
Why does my son have blood coming from his bottom?
Why do you need to examine yourself at all times?
Why is there pain and vaginal swelling after sex?
Why was Walter Reed Hospital named after Walter Reed?
Why can stop urinating?
Why does your penis go soft when you put on a condom?
Why do I have a red bruise with a scab?
Why cant your mind focus?
Why are sugary foods considered unhealthy foods?
Why do some people get off on being angry?
Why do you get a soar throat while running?
Why are wood resins in lemonade?
Why do you keep having spasms in school?
Why does a patient with kidney disease resort to kidney transplant?
Why do carcinoma spread by lymphatics and sarcoma by blood?
Why is obesity bad?
Why is only communicable diseases are spreading why not noncommunicable diseases?
Why do you poop several times daily?
Why is it important for a foodservice to offer a wide range of services?
Why does Tay Sachs Diseasec occur?
Why should you quit tobacco?
Why do you need a help of a condom to ejaculate?
Why does cereal have more nutrition facts than everything else?
Why is derpression a disease?
Why are blood tests done to help diagnose migraines?
Why is it so important to have your toes pointed doing a split?
Why should you agree euthanasia Mercy Killing or why should you disagree euthanasia mercy killing?
Why is the thoracic duct larger than the right lymphatic duct?
Why does your body odor smell like vinegar?
Why do pain management doctors do drug testing?
Why did popeye need iron in his spinach?
Why is the more difficult to cure disease by a virus than diseases cause by bacteria?
Why dont you cum as much in the morning?
Why do you inhale oxygen when you breathe?
Why are qualifications important in first aid?
Why is Kwashiorkor most common in poor developing countries?
Why does being obese effect sports performance?
Why does your knee jump when the doctor hits it?
Why do your pipes smell like rotten eggs when you turn on the shower?
Why do you vomit every full moon?
Why was the old term idiot savant actually misleading?
Why do people with ALS have all of their mental functions and senses intact?
Why do I keep getting canker soars?
Why does Carbon Monoxide make you sleepy?
Why do you feel weird like you are going to have a heart attack right before you ejaculate?
Why do nurses study anatomy?
Why do people need water more than food?
Why does a runner need cardiovascular fitness?
Why does active transport require the use of ATP?
Why is an older adult more prone to dehydration?
Why should you change into clean clothes each day?
Why do you need doc?
Why do men die earlier than women?
Why is it bad to drink too much soda?
Why is obesity dangerous to health?
Why is it important to act upon your values?
Why do you wake up before an earthquake?
Why should you donate money to cancer?
Why should you limit your saturated fat intake?
Why was the cardiac defibrillator created?
Why do tuberculosis patients sweat at night?
Why do some girls feel fingering painful?
Why do you get bored of everything so fast?
Why do your eyes get red under water?
Why does health care suck so bad?
Why are screams annoying from a psychological aspect?
Why do you have so many dizzy spells like from 1 to 10 a day?
Why should you try to alternate days of heavy exercise?
Why do people throughout the world have different colours of skin?
Why do people have bad habit for taking medicines?
Why does change in climate cause cold or any other virus related disease?
Why is it impossible to swallow cinnamon?
Why is marijuana stronger than it use to be?
Why was the tensor bandage made?
Why are houseflies vectors of diseases?
Why is ideal sleep is good for your health?
Why does reflecting statements back to the speaker help in the communication process?
Why does your face feel numb after heavy drinking?
Why do you put your self down all the time?
Why do chili peppers burn?
Why is world health day celebrated?
Why did Spain join the EU?
Why do you use sporks?
Why do your thumb and fore finger on both hands twitch without pain?
Why do armpits sweat?
Why should you recycle?
Why is your tongue red swollen and sore?
Why is your semen yellow?
Why do you burp?
Why does feces have an odor?
Why are precription drugs cheaper in Mexico and Canada?
Why should you sleep?
Why do you snore?
Why do we need water?
Why do you want to be a nurse?
Why did you get off your period two days early?
Why are people deaf?
Why do you get tan?
Why are minerals important?
Why is nutrition important?
Why do you get blisters on your tongue?
Why is the grass greener on the other side?
Why would one start gaining weight?
Why is pineapple healthy?
Why does leg hair seem to grow faster in the summer or is this a myth?
Why would you become a nurse?
Why do grandmas make good cookies?
Why is egg white used as an antidote for lead and mercury poisoning?
Why do fat people stink?
Why does a guy do not have sex drive after ejaculation?
Why would you fall out of bed at age 57?
Why do you age?
Why is posture important?
Why do need to use sphygmomanometer?
Why should not plastic be banned?
Why are people healthier now than before?
Why do you have bad gas after eating?
Why are people addicted to drugs?
Why is cardiovascular fitness important?
Why do you need to take a bath?
Why is TMJ covered with fibrocartilage instead of hyaline cartilage?
Why is semen clear?
Why do farts follow us?
Why do you breathe air?
Why do some adults have anal leakage?
Why do you wake up?
Why is conservation important for communities?
Why is O the universal donor?
Why is alcohol bad for you?
Why are minerals important to our body?
Why do sports people take drugs?
Why is water essential to life?
Why should you take a shower every day?
Why is water important for the body?
Why does your ejaculate not shoot out?
Why do you want to work in the hospital?
Why is hair different colors?
Why do you get scared?
Why is addiction a disorder of the brain?
Why is mercury harmful to the human body?
Why is bile brown?
Why would the gland located just below where the jaw connects swell and be painful to touch?
Why do you always get cold?
Why does living in a warm climate make you less tolerant of cold weather?
Why do men have a hard time getting an erection?
Why is motion important?
Why do people gnash their teeth while they sleep?
Why is a fifteen year old answering this question?
Why does population change?
Why are agents of pollination necessary?
Why are organs in your body important?
Why is the glass on the bulb of a clinical thermometer so thin?
Why does a toenail fall off?
Why do you keep getting dizzy?
Why is eggwhite used as an antidote of lead and mercury poisoning?
Why do dogs get the hiccups?
Why should we recycle glass?
Why is your vagina wet even when not having sex?
Why are Cuban cigars illegal in the US?
Why do organisms need water?
Why is aspartame bad?
Why does an oncologist need to study biology and chemistry?
Why do antacids taste so good?
Why do you want to become a midwife?
Why is coca cola tasty?
Why do you have black blood instead of red during your period?
Why do you keep hearing music that is not there?
Why does my Back left side hurt when i breath?
Why are your braces silver?
Why are Cuban cigars illegal?
Why is the human muscular system important?
Why does your stomach make weird noises when your hungry?
Why do i have numbness on left side of left hand and last two fingers on left hand?
Why are the waves in an EKG labeled P QRS and T?
Why is it bad to get drunk during pregnancy?
Why is the fibula important?
Why did people get leprosy?
Why do you need to cut down sugar?
Why does your nose bleed so much?
Why can Penicillin be used as a drug for people?
Why does migraine pain linger for days even after I took naproxen?
Why do some mothers feel nausea is a sign of stable pregnancy?
Why do you need the endocrine system?
Why is bile important?
Why do girls wear nappies?
Why are your nipples sucked in?
Why dont you get measles twice?
Why do doctors feel your neck?
Why do people chew paper?
Why would as narcissist marry a narcissist?
Why is it bad to eat late at night?
Why is it bad to sleep late at night?
Why am I experiencing fluttering spasms in the lower right abdomen I am definitely not pregnant?
Why is pharmacology important?
Why are wisdom teeth called wisdom teeth?
Why is the armpit hairy?
Why do some people have 2 different colour eyes?
Why is shaving cream used?
Why do the Chinese eat rice?
Why are detergents used for washing greasy clothes?
Why is the abdomen vulnerable?
Why does your boyfriend vomit so often?
Why do you get slap happy?
Why do you need to eat food?
Why does leukorrhea occur and is it a normal discharge?
Why do you feel hot all the time?
Why is my period dark red brown and very lumpy its also not as heavy as usual?
Why are men more likely to be alcoholic?
Why does blue litmus paper turn purple?
Why do dogs sweat?
Why do we sweat?
Why are my hands swollen in morning?
Why do guys put there Hands down trousers?
Why do boxer shorts ride?
Why do people become straight edge?
Why are avocados thought bad for you?
Why do Adults rock back and forth before going to sleep?
Why is the care base value important?
Why do people hate disgusting people?
Why dose your hart miss a beat?
Why should you not use plastic bags when hyperventilating?
Why should you become a blood donor?
Why is the anterior pituitary called the master gland?
Why does a brain need to be kept hydrated?
Why are fraternal twins different in appearance?
Why does hematocrit values rise in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Why does your pee smell funny?
Why does gagging cause vomiting?
Why do deaf people want to have a family?
Why would it be coming in contact with sperm in the first place?
Why does looking at light help you to sneeze?
Why are red spots appearing on areas of skin that are sunburnt one week after the sunburn?
Why are you hoarse and cough a lot?
Why is it that you want to know?
Why do your eyes feel tired all the time?
Why do you need hair in your body?
Why do you use lb for pounds?
Why is pop bad for you?
Why do sports test for social drugs as well as performance inhancing drugs?
Why do you get a migraine headache right before your period?
Why do people get pneumonia?
Why are your hands and feet swollen?
Why is there more fatty foods than healthy?
Why do we eat food that is bad for us instead of eating food that is good for us?
Why would you have to take Tums?
Why do I have a headache am dizzy and feel tired?
Why do adults eat boogers?
Why are Health and safety laws necessary?
Why cant some people float?
Why do i drink so much water?
Why is pee warm?
Why is the larynx called the voice box?
Why do people use cannabis?
Why are most pathogens prevented from entering the body?
Why do eyes blink?
Why did they create blue jeans?
Why is there a need for nurses?
Why does chewing gum help you concentrate?
Why do I have Multiple periods on contraceptive pill?
Why are your feet so big?
Why is sweating essential for humans to live?
Why are bacteria helpful?
Why do guys like girls breast?
Why do we need sleep every night?
Why do children get Leukemia?
Why might drinking large amounts of sea water be dangerous for humans?
Why do you have pain and swelling in your foot after removal of hairline fracture plaster?
Why is health food so good for us?
Why is it unsafe to use a hairdryer in the bathtub?
Why do you need oxygen to live?
Why do you get tired after ejaculating and how do you prevent it?
Why do people turn to God in times of disaster?
Why do ligaments have to stretch in the body?
Why did john white go back to England?
Why do you get bloody noses?
Why is math so important when becoming a nurse?
Why do I bleed only when having sex?
Why do Botanists study plants?
Why is fresh water a limited resource?
Why do you feel weak after drawing blood?
Why do you need a mouth?
Why is pe so important?
Why is calcium important?
Why do doctors get paid so much?
Why is summer a good season?
Why should you wear boxer instead of tighty whiteys?
Why do you have a hole in your butt?
Why is junk food so popular?
Why are pupils black?
Why do people say yes to drugs?
Why does your tooth ache when you have a cavity?
Why are chicken eggs bigger than human eggs?
Why do teenagers prefer fast foods?
Why do doctors dip the thermometer in a liquid before use?
Why do you crave eating salty and sour foods?
Why are your breast leaking milk if you are not pregnant?
Why do food manufacturers use artificial additives rather than natural additives?
Why dont invertebrates have a backbone?
Why does anaemia not respond to iron injections?
Why is fish healthy?
Why does being tickled make you pee?
Why is summer important?
Why does your body need dietary fiber?
Why do i get night cramps in my thighs?
Why do you keep needing a pee?
Why is smoking unhealthy?
Why does the breathing rate go up?
Why are hot air balloons colourful?
Why do you get turned on so much?
Why is cholesterol both essential and also potentially dangerous?
Why is toothpaste basic?
Why is it important to know and understand the history of psychology?
Why are soap operas so popular?
Why do humans instinctively curl over their abdominal area when there is danger?
Why do you drink milk?
Why do fungus mold?
Why should people quit using drugs?
Why is your nose cold all the time?
Why do the perfume evaporates when the bottle is open without the lid after a long time?
Why do artificial sweeteners taste sweet?
Why do you get white lines on your legs when you rub them?
Why is it called German measles?
Why am i having a period every 2 weeks?
Why would the doctor give you a pregnancy test after heavy clotting?
Why do butt cracks smell?
Why cant you eat grapefruit while taking methadone?
Why havent you started your periods yet at 14?
Why do you feel ill and get headaches when hungry?
Why does renal failure lead to hyperprolactinemia?
Why is it regular health examinations important?
Why do you pee a lot when you drink water?
Why is oil necessary when using the 90x to 100x objective?
Why do you get a blocked nose?
Why do antacid tablets dissolve in water?
Why should you avoid salt tablets?
Why can girls say other girls are pretty but guys cant say that other guys are handsome without being called gay?
Why do teens eat unhealthy?
Why is lead used to bury radioactive materials?
Why do medical personnel like to inject medications into the butt?
Why do you get nose bleeds after a migraine?
Why cant you have sex at the age of 8 years old?
Why do you get pains in the calfs of legs?
Why is there pain in transverse colon and burping?
Why do you feel no interest in anything?
Why is watermelon so good for your health?
Why is water a critical resource?
Why would my knees give out often?
Why is it necessary for water purification?
Why is dietary fiber important?
Why do people with herpes have to feel alienated?
Why do you have tailbones?
Why do toilets clog?
Why is mercy killing bad?
Why does your urine smell like feces?
Why does heels get numb?
Why do you keep passing out?
Why do women have early contractions?
Why does the top of your head sweat so much?
Why do people say the world is ending?
Why does bowel movement smell like sulfur?
Why would there be blood in the stomach after a heart attack for which an angioplasty and stents were placed?
Why do men ejaculate before women?
Why was heath ledger on drugs?
Why do we call our head our Noggin?
Why do you hump the bed?
Why do you eat carbohydrates?
Why is food important to us as humans?
Why do you crave tuna fish?
Why do you twitch?
Why does belly button stink?
Why do you pat someone on the back for pneumonia?
Why do you get really bad headaches so much recently and your nose wont stop running with blood?
Why do people bleed when they poop is there anything wrong with you should you be worried?
Why should you care your skin?
Why do you have sleep paralysis?
Why does my tongue feel burnt with red bumps?
Why would you ingest semen?
Why is acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis called Apollo 11 disease?
Why do your fingers fall asleep while you are sleeping?
Why do rats not have a gallbladder?
Why are tibicos not safe for human health?
Why are you bleeding and its not your period?
Why do pregnant women get hiccups?
Why do we get fevers?
Why do hot drinks cool you down?
Why do you get too many white blood cells?
Why does your heel pain only occur when you go to bed at night?
Why is junk food called junk food?
Why is underage drinking illegal?
Why is sodium a benefit for the human body?
Why might patients with kidney disease suffer from anemia?
Why are the olympic games good for our society?
Why do contacts stick to the eye?
Why is earth called a dynamic palnet?
Why do people use the drug mescaline?
Why do people with advanced kidney disease commonly become anemic?
Why did Thomas Crapper die?
Why does a star die?
Why do drugs hurt you?
Why do ferns grow taller than mosses?
Why is an ear of corn not living?
Why would a patient with cyanide poisoning have elavated serum lactate?
Why do kids have gray hair?
Why does your throat hurt before you cry?
Why does the pulse rate increase when a person stands up from sitting?
Why is the study of basic chemistry essential to understanding human physiology?
Why are new drugs tested?
Why are you getting pins and needles on your tongue?
Why is competition between members of the same species more likely to be more intense then that between 2 different species?
Why do thighs hurt after sex?
Why do Indians have no body hair?
Why are so many people over weight?
Why does a decubitus ulcer occur?
Why do you get low red blood cell counts?
Why are vitamins good for you?
Why do boys need more calcium than girls?
Why is oedema a symptom of kwashiorkor?
Why is the clavicle said to follow a sinuous curve?
Why do people want euthanasia?
Why is too much body fat unhealthy?
Why is there crust behind your one ear?
Why do people get Sunburn when skiing?
Why is nico a dwarf?
Why do girls need more sodium than boys?
Why is blood unlike any other tissue?
Why are fats beneficial to humans?
Why is DNA useful?
Why does alcohol cause dehydration?
Why do girls like getting fingered?
Why is ECG used?
Why do athletes eat high carbohydrates foods before a competition?
Why is it necessary to block unoccupied binding sites in the microtiter wells in ELISA test?
Why would you snort imitrex?
Why do you have a diet?
Why can pneumonia lead to serious illness?
Why is healthcare bad?
Why do you need for anti oxidants?
Why do men bleed during sex?
Why do only female mosquitos cause malaria?
Why does my nose turn red if i get cold?
Why do many hot springs have dissolved minerals?
Why do cartage and ligaments heal so slowly?
Why do people say that polyunsaturated lipids are healthier to eat?
Why do the people of tropical regions have dark skin color while people living in temperate and polar regions have light skin color?
Why does raisin bran cause you to bloat up?
Why do people say i love you?
Why is there Blood on my pillow in the morning?
Why is sleep important for the health of the heart?
Why is blood consider alive?
Why is it bad to hold in your sneeze?
Why am I Vomiting yellow fluids?
Why is reflection is important?
Why does blood rush to your head but not to your feet?
Why does elie go to the hospital?
Why was pneumonia named pneumonia?
Why is your urine not bright yellow after taking b complex for two days?
Why do some people vomit blood after surgery?
Why is red bull banned in some countries?
Why do teens buy drugs at school?
Why do you think some people believe they can use tobacco without becoming addicted?
Why did William Harvey die?
Why are there more colour blind boys than girls?
Why is it there is no mercury drugs in any branch of SM?
Why are people hungry?
Why does the left side of your head hurt when you swallow?
Why does Hyperventilation cause apnea?
Why should you stop drug addiction?
Why do doctors get paid so much for so little work they do?
Why did Elizabeth Kenny set up polio clinics?
Why do people die from blood loss?
Why is sexual health important?
Why does cold air makes your eyes watery?
Why is obesity dangerous?
Why do you only have a sore throat at night when the sun goes down?
Why do adults get fibromyalgia more than children?
Why is driving a lot healthy?
Why do you have ten fingers?
Why does your ear crackle when hearing loud sounds?
Why is it that before your period you feel nausea and fatigue and hungry like your pregnant but your not?
Why is mycobacterium tuberculosis considered acid fast?
Why is water important to good health?
Why are you constantly dehydrated?
Why do adults die of starvation?
Why are the bronchioles lined with cilia?
Why does scurvy cause loose teeth?
Why is my mouth still numb after novocain wore off?
Why is my lip and cheek still numb where my tooth was extracted, 3 weeks after novocain wore off?
Why does a diabetic who takes too much insulin go into insulin shock?
Why would I be experiencing hot feet and tingling especially when lying down?
Why do seizures happen?
Why is anemia dangerous?
Why are you not supposed to inhale a cigar smoke?
Why is it considered necessary to nail down the lid of a coffin?
Why does it hurt when you scrape your knee?
Why does food make you tired?
Why is blood type O the most common blood type in America?
Why were nurses taught to clamp Foley Catheters when over 1000cc of urine was being expelled at one time?
Why are people screened?
Why does one side of your mouth and tongue always feels cold?
Why do people NOT take drugs?
Why does taxus brevifolius have potential as an anticancer drug?
Why do you need a complex circulatory system?
Why can the lungs absorb a large amount of oxygen?
Why is christofer drew so hot?
Why does a girls vagina look different after they have had sex a few times?
Why do need 8 hours of sleep?
Why did you decide on a career as a Medical Administrative Assistant?
Why are pharmaceutical companies allowed to give gifts to doctors and hospitals?
Why do we need a trachea?
Why would you do that?
Why do ads try to trick us?
Why is selective breeding done?
Why is it hard to do a fist when you wake up?
Why do they call semen cum?
Why can eating healthy fight diseases?
Why do blood vessels have thin walls?
Why do people with bipolar disorder hallucinate?
Why would you loose all your eyelashes?
Why do people ask such absurd questions?
Why do you have sore elbows and shoulders?
Why do some children vomit in there sleep?
Why do we have diseases?
Why would you remove the spleen?
Why does your legs feel numb?
Why do you carry out risk assessment?
Why is scoliosis a disease?
Why do you get heat stroke?
Why do you feel like you have to urinate all the time?
Why do you get sick in the rain but not in the pool?
Why is it not advisable to take a bath just afetr having a meal?
Why do you get dizzy when you get up too fast?
Why do you have a hole by your ear?
Why is it important that blood clots?
Why are there cist like bumps on your dogs chest?
Why cant your man cum?
Why are you having a burning sensation on your legs and sometimes feet?
Why is it important to treat water before you use it?
Why does many medication caution consumer not to operate heavy machinery?
Why can you only get mumps once?
Why do you chew ice?
Why does vinegar clean so well?
Why do crayfish have open circulatory systems?
Why are you finding it hard to breathe?
Why is it important to know blood type?
Why is blood essential?
Why is it a good idea to donate blood?
Why am i having chest pain after having a baby?
Why do your ears fizz when you put hydrogen peroxide in them?
Why do you want to work as a health care assistant?
Why does a scrotum feel milky?
Why do you get cold sores all the time?
Why do I have sharp pain below my knee on the front outside of my leg when kneeling?
Why are anatomy and physiology studied together?
Why do you not enjoy your job?
Why is it better to breathe through the nostril than the mouth?
Why do you constantly burp?
Why does the skin crack when the weather is cold?
Why do you pee when you laugh?
Why do you lose your hearing?
Why have i got bad wind and tummy pains?
Why would you major in biology for becoming a Surgeon?
Why does your penis hurt when you masturbate?
Why do diabetics get thirsty?
Why do your lungs age over time?
Why is there such a thing as autism?
Why do you need to eat proteins?
Why is such a large percentage of your blood volume made up of red blood cells?
Why do eyeglasses fog up when you come inside from the cold?
Why does your body need fat and where is it found?
Why could scientists not see cells before the microscope?
Why do you have black period blood?
Why does the left side of your heart work harder?
Why would a family member be required to be in attendance for a medical test?
Why is drug addiction a main problem in the Philippines?
Why do some kids get killed by drugs?
Why does have periods?
Why are you disagree with euthanasia?
Why is obesity on the increase?
Why are you contagious if you have a cold?
Why does man die?
Why does one eye dilate only?
Why does your cervix burn?
Why do you throw up without making yourself?
Why do people living at high altitudes have more red blood cells than people living at sea level?
Why is saturated fat solid at room temperature?
Why is there a crack in your but?
Why is the penis the weakest muscle in the body?
Why does your mouth get really cold when you have minty gum and then you drink water?
Why would you take dopamine?
Why does fat keep the body from being hungry?
Why do bananas mold faster than bread?
Why did euthanasia start?
Why do the bottom of your feet itch?
Why does food need to be digested to be absorbed?
Why was miriam curse?
Why do diseases spread more quickly nowadays from country to country?
Why does Kai Wong suffer from insomnia?
Why does skipping increase the pulse rate?
Why is it important to have nurses?
Why is Ben Carson important?
Why do you find renal epithelial cells in urine?
Why does caffeine dehydrate you?
Why does the brain have so many parts?
Why does low blood sugar make you feel bad?
Why is there germs?
Why do I have 2 uvulas?
Why can some people float and others cant?
Why do people not want people who smoke at parties?
Why did Andreas Vesalius die?
Why does Australia have the highest rate of skin cancer in the world?
Why can you eat citric Acid?
Why am I so ledge?
Why is good to smoke?
Why is it dangerous to stand under a tree during an electrical storm?
Why is the pulse rate low in the morning?
Why are cucumber a vegetable?
Why do you need both of your kidney?
Why is it important to chew food thoroughly before swallowing it?
Why does smoking turn your lungs black?
Why do cats have diseases?
Why are you like me?
Why are drugs so popular?
Why do people get depression?
Why do multivitamins make your urine yellow?
Why do you need water?
Why would you want to?
Why is it important to have a health screening before beginning any new activity?
Why do hands sweat?
Why is it dangerous to drive after drinking alcohol?
Why do you die if you stop eating?
Why will you dehydrate faster if you drink saltwater instead of fresh water?
Why do you wake up paralyzed?
Why does the stomach secrete acid?
Why are people with sickle cell trait resistant to malaria?
Why should you have patience?
Why is temperature important to living organisms?
Why do girls get yeast infections even if they are virgins?
Why did people who got the disease the black plague not all die?
Why do teenage girls commit suicide?
Why do humans have toe nails?
Why did the panda eat dinner at the shanghai diner then fire a basketball into the trash can before walking out?
Why do you hear noises in your body when food is digesting?
Why was Virginia apgar famous?
Why do your leg nerves hurt after surgery?
Why do depression lead to alcohol abuse?
Why do some people chose to use drugs?
Why would human urine start smelling toxic?
Why is julia ward howe famous?
Why do you get hiccups once and then keep getting them all day long?
Why do girls live a much easier life than boys?
Why is urination important?
Why do your eyes burn sometimes?
Why is an intravenous bottle at a height above the arm of a patient?
Why are people against drugs?
Why does a Buddhist meditate?
Why would MD prescribe adderall for depression?
Why is it important to warm up before exercising?
Why do doctors wear face masks?
Why is sugar so addictive?
Why does it burn every time you pee?
Why does every one drink pop?
Why does it help to put a burn under cold water?
Why do you have a mild cold but aches and pains everywhere?
Why do your eyes become red when you cry?
Why do hospital gowns open in the back?
Why did Fiona Wood come to Australia?
Why does your sperm does not make baby and smells bad?
Why do you grow hair in developing places?
Why do you get dizzy when you get up to fast?
Why is DNA copying essential part of the process of reproduction?
Why is there child abuse?
Why would you be dizzy and have slurred speech?
Why does littering effect the environment?
Why do they call the disease cancer and is it related to the constellation cancer or the tropic of cancer?
Why is the blood important for you?
Why are fats harmful?
Why is healthful eating important?
Why does your urine smell like eggs?
Why do cuts bleed?
Why do people choose smoking over their family?
Why is it important to monitor serum potassium level in patient receiving loop diuretic thiazide and digoxin?
Why do people drool when asleep?
Why should you cut down water use?
Why does your dogs urine have a strong ammonia smell?
Why is your body warm but you are cold?
Why can you see DNA?
Why do they call tooth paste tooth paste?
Why would i have a whitehead on the roof o f your mouth?
Why is Doxorubicin used in chemotherapy?
Why do parents on drugs abuse there children?
Why does your ink fall out of your tattoos?
Why do you loose your sense of taste when you get sick?
Why do people laugh when they get tickle even if they dont like it?
Why do Muslims not eat pig?
Why do you use inhaler for?
Why do periods coming so irregularly?
Why is hand hygiene important?
Why should you banned drugs from the world?
Why does stepping on a nail hurt more than lying on a bed of nails?
Why do you need 2 kidneys?
Why do people have to breathe?
Why would vaginal lips be swollen and sore without having sex?
Why does your uvula swell?
Why is cellulose indigestible?
Why does Luis take your breathe away?
Why are some people faster than others?
Why is tobacco a drug?
Why do you get chronic diseases?
Why would a person blood be thick?
Why does sneeze smell?
Why is my pee foaming?
Why does Oxycontin make you throw up?
Why does insulin decrease potassium levels?
Why do you donate blood?
Why would i have cold hands all the time?
Why is a antiserum shot given for tetanus?
Why does someone get high temps?
Why does sugar rot teeth?
Why do you sneeze after coughing?
Why do albinos have red eyes?
Why were Native Americans so vulnerable to the diseases the the Europeans brought?
Why did Mary Martha Reid die?
Why are head injuries that damage cerebral blood vessels serious?
Why do children breathe faster than adults?
Why are children more vulnerable to disease?
Why do advertisers create ads that make you feel bad about yourself and give two reasons?
Why does the front of your jeans get tighter when you see a hot girl go by?
Why do girls eat pineapples?
Why are street drugs so dangerous?
Why is having good grooming habits important?
Why should health care be free?
Why do men have hairy bodies?
Why do you have to take a shower?
Why are legs stiff after sitting?
Why does heart rate go up when cold?
Why is it important to be a team player in the office?
Why do you all have to die?
Why is euthanasia so controversial?
Why is James k baxter famous?
Why do both major types of diabetes occur?
Why do girls have a faster reaction time than boys?
Why do peple like felicia chin?
Why does the virus in the MMR vaccine not cause measles when it is injected into a child?
Why are vital signs taken more than once?
Why have the Manual Handling Operations Regulations 1992 been put in place?
Why is radioactivity so dangerous to your health?
Why did your girlfriend get a tattoo when she knows they make you so uncomfortable and awkward you think about it constantly and its really really bothering you and you dont know what to do?
Why are more people living to 100?
Why do you sweat all the time for no reason?
Why does your belly get bigger after eating anything?
Why did mitch hedberg die?
Why cant you sleep after a head injury?
Why do people have stroke?
Why do you get born?
Why do humans need potassium?
Why do you weight less in the morning than the evening?
Why should you be careful when you are working with computers?
Why is mild cardiomegaly common in athletes?
Why was Collin Gosselin rushed to the hospital?
Why does it hurt when you do not ejaculate?
Why is sleep importent?
Why is fibre important for good health?
Why do blisters hurt?
Why is it important to donate blood?
Why do old people need more calcium?
Why is the shoulder more frequently dislocated than the hip?
Why do young children need more food then aldults?
Why did cities establish health departments?
Why is the chin called a mental?
Why are medications are expensive?
Why do you need to shower?
Why does head twitch?
Why can you eat a lot?
Why is it necessary to study individual differences in intelligence?
Why is boiling food bad for health?
Why do you produce a lot of saliva?
Why is Mrsa such a problem?
Why do I have numbness in leg after IV in arm?
Why is your peak flow reading 250?
Why did gabbii swallow a medical dictionary?
Why does your right arm have sharp pain?
Why are health services important?
Why does urine smell like acid?
Why do you age and die?
Why do you always have to poop even if you just went and the leave your house then you have to go again?
Why do kids have to die?
Why is the pancreas considered both an endocring gland and an exocrine organ?
Why do you scratch when you itch?
Why is blood clot is important?
Why does Oxycontin cause swelling in jands snd feet?
Why does my semen taste like oil?
Why was the captain of the cornelia Marie Phil harris in the hospital?
Why do black people have round noses?
Why are some drugs legal and some not?
Why would an antibiotic not be effective against measles?
Why do men get thrush after oral sex?
Why does a man have a Adams apple?
Why does mumps cause orchitis?
Why are you considering taking an iron supplement?
Why does skin stick together?
Why does your penis float to the top of the water?
Why do your lips on your face itch?
Why do you look pale when you wake up in the middle of the night?
Why are patients isolated when on an immuno suppressive drug?
Why are there MANY teen pregnancys?
Why are you having troubles sleeping?
Why is it not as easy to get pregnant on your period then when your not on your period?
Why does low temperature help reduce swelling?
Why do you feel electric head shocks?
Why do you cough while eating ice cream?
Why does sick always have carrots in it?
Why should you never wake sleepwalkers?
Why is professionalism important for a health care professional?
Why does your right armpit sweat more than your left?
Why does it hurt when you think?
Why do you always get migraine headaches?
Why did the medical community resist the Odones treatment ideas?
Why do you ache all over?
Why is your moms legs swollen and oozing fluid out?
Why do you faint at the sight of blood?
Why do false teeth cause bad breath?
Why does your vomit taste sweet?
Why is an examination of the fluid important in the diagnosis of neurological condition?
Why is there a waiting list for organs?
Why is Betadine not available in the US?
Why do cigar store Indians hold seven cigars?
Why is that then?
Why is the word wenis not in the medical dictionary?
Why are cold iv fluids bad?
Why does your belly button go in when you wee?
Why do you not have an appetite when you are emotionally upset?
Why do I always walk over the cracks in the Path?
Why does my girlfriend like to put makeup on me?
Why does platelet count drops in malaria?
Why do women get there toubs tightend up?
Why is advocacy considered a health skill?
Why can people not escape from obesity?
Why is the bottom of your feet turning purple?
Why do you always put waste food in a bin?
Why is cervical vertebra number seven known as the vertebra prominens?
Why are blood cells so small?
Why are the elderly more prone to infection?
Why are people loopy after surgery?
Why does a girl bleed the first time she has sex?
Why was the invention of the stethoscope in 1819 important?
Why would you dry cigars in humidor?
Why does the sex drive of a 30 year old woman increase at that age?
Why do you have to inform your patient?
Why do you squint when there is sun?
Why does schizophrenia develop?
Why are the white blood cells called white blood cells?
Why is it important to use sunscreento protect your skin when you go outside?
Why did Amy whinehouse take drugs?
Why does Oscar Bamwebaze say on his blog that skin lightening is a symptom of a severe form of mental illness?
Why donate blood?
Why is it important to keep your temperature at 37 degrees?
Why is there no cells in chickenpox?
Why is cosh important in a mechanics workshop?
Why does glenn smell?
Why are mental illnesses considered brain diseases?
Why does human waste change color?
Why does it feel so good to sneeze?
Why is medical supplies for the home important?
Why are compound fractures more serious then a simple fracture?
Why are waiters rude?
Why are there more women in spin classes?
Why do i feel so dizzy?
Why does your urine smell like butter popcorn?
Why do women nipples get hard when they are aroused?
Why do you toot?
Why do alcoholics often suffer from deficiency diseases?
Why do babies smell like roses?
Why do some people have a large tongue?
Why is underground water clean and safe to drink?
Why are water soluble vitamins important?
Why is it important to stay low in a burning building?
Why is arianna so pretty?
Why are person confined to a bed most likely to develop bedsore on their bodies if they use water bed than ordinary mattress?
Why are you falling asleep during class?
Why are fruits and vegetables good for your health?
Why have good health?
Why does a doctor have to get consent to put a patients information into a database?
Why are wieners gassy?
Why is health more important than education?
Why do you keep raw and cooked food separate?
Why do humans produce tears?
Why is drugs a problem?
Why does alcohol effect the body?
Why does everything you eat have a metallic taste?
Why are taste buds so important?
Why was viganism invented?
Why do people conduct reseach?
Why is knowledge on first aid important?
Why do you each need a different breakfast?
Why are drugs in sport illegal?
Why are people scared of dissabled people?
Why would someone do drugs?
Why did the Pterodactyls die out?
Why do food companies market to children?
Why do you need to know first aid?
Why would turn human?
Why is euthanasia an issue?
Why is Ebola called Ebola hf?
Why do people sell drugs to kids?
Why are condoms convenient?
Why is cocaine is a dangerous drug?
Why does the side of your tongue hurt after you eat tuna?
Why does an adult need so many air sacs in their lungs?
Why is steaming is healthier than frying?
Why is having a healthy body important?
Why should you not take illegal drugs?
Why has merideth grey in a hospital bed?
Why would a surgeon choose to perform brain surgery while the patient is awake?
Why do tongues have bumps on them?
Why do i feel sick all of the time?
Why is sun protection needed in QLD?
Why was lead developed?
Why are so many hippies drug addicts?
Why do people need therapy?
Why is Matthew gray gubler on crutches?
Why do your feet have ridges?
Why are women more relaxed than men?
Why do people do euthanasia?
Why do people go into drug trafficking?
Why do i suffer with thrush all the time?
Why does a person become addicted to a drug?
Why do eyes hurt from working with PC?
Why is yawning repeated?
Why do the palms of the hands wrinkle in less than 10 seconds under lukewarm water?
Why is the medical examiner or forensic pathologist doing the autopsy and not the coroner?
Why do heals crack?
Why would you be down 3 units of blood?
Why is there a serpant on the medical symbol?
Why do YOU have to rinse What if your hands before using soap in hand washing?
Why is it important to work as a team in your workplace?
Why do people continue to use drugs?
Why did maria robotnick die?
Why do we need nutrition?
Why do some people stay colder than others?
Why should eggshell immediately disposed?
Why do you have orang reddish periods?
Why does it take you forever to get to sleep?
Why is it important that a therapist has a good understanding of the systems body?
Why does your face and head get cold when you sleep?
Why does the body needs water?
Why are international agreements necessary to protect environmental health and community health?
Why do you have to be 21 years old to drink?
Why are kidney transplants good?
Why are your nungas growing?
Why can pepsin not be produced in its active form?
Why do people eat so much food i know i dont because you feel bad at the end?
Why did Eminem start taking drugs?
Why do you have lightheadedness and night sweats?
Why do you ejaculate small amounts of semen?
Why is thymus called sweetbreads?
Why is part of your eye red?
Why does your leg hurt when you take pressure off it?
Why do Futanari launch a lot of semen?
Why do you get phlegm in morning?
Why do Jewish people have a higher risk of getting Crohns disease?
Why do you first feel cold when you enter the water?
Why is coordination important in sports?
Why is bar soap not preferred in hand washing?
Why would you break by them anyway?
Why is peoples so stupid?
Why can you hear quiet sounds loud somthimes?
Why does teenager drink and smoke?
Why do people use bed sheets?
Why is Angelman Syndrome called Angelman Syndrome?
Why is Montana called Montana?
Why do you feel sleepy after you cry?
Why do doctors recommend people to drink and eat foods that contain calcium?
Why does drug addiction happens?
Why should organ donors be tested?
Why are alveoli so important in the respiratory system?
Why is it bad to have lots of friends?
Why is girth important?
Why do people want to explore about mental diseases?
Why do I have red eyelids?
Why are there so many different types of antibodies?
Why have i been having mood swings since ive had my baby?
Why are prescription drugs good?
Why do u say that?
Why do drug addicts get withdrawal symptoms?
Why are diseases caused by viruses difficult to treat?
Why do you need to take care of your health?
Why is cutting like a drug?
Why does your back hurt so bad while you sleep?
Why would your feet be cold?
Why do drug addicts live on the streets?
Why is it it important to keep your eyes healthy?
Why does it hurt so much after you get any shot?
Why do you get abdominal pain after sex with an above average size for a male?
Why was Kevin on crutches in freak the mighty?
Why do people take drugs that are against the law?
Why are there positive and negative blood types?
Why do humans have two eyes?
Why is there life on Earth?
Why is the food pyramid constructed the way it is?
Why do you have things?
Why do men have prostates?
Why does a seven year have head twitching?
Why do you get up in the middle of the nite to eat sweets?
Why is it important to have regular health examination?
Why do gangs have gang and drug wars?
Why do you go to bed at night?
Why do children get more colds than adults?
Why did people buy patent medicines in the 1700?
Why is euthanasia wrong to doctors?
Why are pharmaceutical drugs cheaper in Canada?
Why is it better for a drug to be microbicidal than microbistatic?
Why is this so dangerous for our health?
Why is it that when there is sudden darkness the sight is not clear?
Why are microorganims used as biological weapons?
Why do you poop a lot after drinking alcohol?
Why do clients have the right to choose their food?
Why does polyphagia occur with diabetes mellitus?
Why does chewing gum stick to denture?
Why do you have pins and needles in right hand?
Why do Doctors recommend 5 a day?
Why is it illegal to take drugs?
Why are kids these days so lazy?
Why are your hands always cold and yellow?
Why does the Surgeon General of The US wear a Navy Uniform?
Why is it possible to overdose on Vitamin A but not on Vitamin C?
Why cant you sleep after concussion?
Why do I have knee pain as a young athlete?
Why was the American Medical Association established?
Why do you need to know about fire?
Why do I always feel sickly after I eat?
Why do you have risk assessments?
Why are people who are anaemic pale and often feel cold and tired?
Why does everyone want to kill Tim Gabriel?
Why are kidney machines not a permanent cure?
Why do you have anzacday?
Why is health care and medicine cheaper in Mexico?
Why is it hard to urinate after using a catheter?
Why should you dry your hands properly?
Why do you not die of hypoglycemia between meals?
Why can you only hold your breath for so long?
Why is our heat shaped weirdly?
Why do mouth ulcers hurt?
Why can aging produce a cognitive decline?
Why is there a outdoor dining area in a cafe?
Why do people always hold in their pee?
Why is convex lens used for myopia?
Why do I not pee when I drink a lot of water?
Why are children and elderly the weakest forms?
Why do you feel like your lungs are on fire the first 15 minutes of running?
Why would an audiologist refer a patient to a physical therapist?
Why does it burn after urination?
Why do people with HIV get pneumonia?
Why should you stop the trafficking of drugs?
Why does skin turn yellow between your fingers?
Why do arms and feet get numb?
Why do you have to have the same type of blood before a blood transfusion?
Why do you have to take certain tablets with food?
Why is diarrhoea so wet?
Why are the alveoli are moist?
Why is vegetarian lasagne good for vegetarians?
Why do you still have body odor?
Why do you use spices in food?
Why would a person with AIDS also have pneumonia?
Why do people take bad drugs?
Why do women over 50 watch the view?
Why is it so dangerous to use amphetamines?
Why does your body squeak when you are cold?
Why do you get cramps on your penis?
Why is it bad if you drink to much soda?
Why can a person with AB blood type give blood only to people with AB blood type?
Why do you have health class?
Why does the world health organization exist?
Why am I scared of growing up?
Why does taking drugs kill your body?
Why is it good to have good hygiene?
Why did Amulius send the twins to the wilderness to die?
Why cant moss grow taller then a few inches?
Why do you feel dizzy when standing or walking?
Why is Justin Bieber not dead yet?
Why is it not possible to stop breathing voluntarily?
Why did the Beatles promote drug use?
Why cant you quit popping my joints?
Why do you need a hart to live?
Why do people choose to do the drug marijuana?
Why do you get Schizophrenia?
Why is your tongue so unique?
Why do I get aggro when im hungry?
Why are most of the Chinese slender and thin?
Why are communicable diseases not a problem anymore?
Why do you get tiny white spots on your face?
Why is semen cold?
Why is it when you get sick from a disease that they dont typically get sick from that same disease again?
Why are you so sore?
Why does poop smell the way it does?
Why does swelling occur in a tissue after an injury?
Why is aspartame safe?
Why is it recommended to eat your 5 a day?
Why does looking at a distant object now and again while using a computer help?
Why did birth defects due to thalidomide occur in Europe?
Why should you take amino acids?
Why is the hand enlarged or swollen on the affected side after mastectomy?
Why are enzymes important catalysts?
Why does donor and recipient should have the same blood group?
Why do you feel stiff?
Why is it important to keep your body clean?
Why is processed food not good for ones helath?
Why do people need false teeth?
Why is chemistry important to the field of nutrition?
Why do most kids love to eat hotdog?
Why would a deuce burn?
Why can you feel the pulse in the wrist neck and near the elbow?
Why does a man urinate lots?
Why dont I want to eat speak and sleep anymore?
Why do you have blisters on your penis?
Why would your stomach feel full after the first time of sexual intercourse?
Why is healthcare information securty officer so important?
Why do some patients die after being revived?
Why do you get headaches when you starve?
Why do some people consider euthanasia a sin?
Why do they call it Lethal injection and not Euthanasia?
Why do you need to drink at least eight glasses of water a day?
Why do your big toes keep cracking and popping when they never have before?
Why do you get a sharp stabbing pain in your arm when you raise it?
Why are your gums called gums?
Why does it hurt when you finger your anus?
Why is drug addiction a social problem?
Why is debating not a waste of time?
Why does urine get a sweet fruity odor?
Why does food poisoning happen?
Why are your erections not very hard?
Why are preoperative medications given?
Why is it necessary to be physically healthy?
Why do you like bluberries?
Why should you not eat excess of food?
Why is personal conduct important?
Why does your wrist hurt when you press it under your thumb?
Why do you answer back to yourself?
Why is drugs not legal so you can stop sending not violent drug offenders to jail?
Why cant all girl get pregnant?
Why are people more famous when they die?
Why are all parts of your health equally important?
Why does Julia Child hunch?
Why are there flavours in condom?
Why is it important to have dentures?
Why does drug addiction happen?
Why do people choose not to take drugs?
Why is it said that the Greeks are the founders of modern medicine?
Why do people need to work on physical health?
Why did my friend freak out so much on Ecstacy scratch walls cry and have a fever?
Why is hygiene needed?
Why do you sometimes feel something pricking in your feet?
Why is poop stink?
Why does applying salt on wounds help?
Why are experiments on human illegal?
Why cant you use cell phones in a hospital?
Why is water so deadly?
Why are fat and sugar considered to be unhealthy foods?
Why do you need to stain specimens?
Why is everything you are eating suddenly tasting so sweet?
Why is your motto is time is gold?
Why is smoking harmful to society?
Why is ATP categorized as a nucleic acid?
Why is good for babies to sleep?
Why do people get sick or die when they go a week without drinking water?
Why is there a problem with drugs?
Why is ivf important?
Why is it not advisable to take in too much fat?
Why is McGee on ncis so skinny?
Why are food labels harmful?
Why do you smell burning feathers?
Why are teenagers getting stupider as the years go by?
Why do people catch fever?
Why is alcohol rehabilitation harder than other drug rehabilitations?
Why is better to get nutrients from foods instead of pills?
Why do nurses rub alcohol before injection?
Why are some peoples toes stuck together?
Why would diuretics be contraindicated for patients with cardiac dysrhythmias?
Why do native people have puberty rights?
Why is it difficult for teenagers to maintain a healthy balanced lifestyle?
Why do you crave pickles if im not pregnant?
Why is hair falling out in males more vigorous than in females?
Why is the sign of medicine with a stick and snake twisted around?
Why are your eyes drained?
Why do mental disorders require medical attention?
Why do men ejaculate fast with their wives?
Why is normal saline commonly used in irrigating wounds?
Why cannot the dilute solution of hydrogen peroxide be concentrated by heating strongly?
Why does the arch in your arch in your foot hurt?
Why do antidepressants take more time to show effect?
Why is there a pattern on toilet roll?
Why are people concerned about mold?
Why do men ejaculate different amounts?
Why is recovery time useful to show fitness?
Why do antidepressants help with Parkinsonism?
Why does Diane Keaton wear turtleneck sweaters?
Why do you swallow semen?
Why is dialysis tubing not submerged in pure water?
Why do you need aerobics endurance in football?
Why does drinking alcohol affect younger people more quickly than adults?
Why does your stomach hurt everyday and gas?
Why does jelly like water come out when rubbing the vagina?
Why is Matt abello so awesome?
Why do people get cold when there cold?
Why do people sweat in their underarms?
Why is important to follow the food guide pyramid?
Why is your cheek twitchin?
Why do thick clauses form to round the bottom of an elderly persons foot?
Why would you shoot your finger with a gun?
Why are teenagers really unhealthy?
Why does this guy have white and red stuff behind his ear?
Why is good health better than wealth?
Why do some men like their wives to do them anally?
Why would washerwomen have been susceptible to cholera?
Why do I always get heartburn after eating potato?
Why do black people think whit people owe them?
Why do you wash your hands in warm water rather than cold?
Why can you not taste salt?
Why do pilots use red glasses?
Why do stairs appear the same level to me?
Why do some people die with open eyes and some with closed eyes?
Why do Caucasians get sunburned more easily than Filipinos?
Why do people cry when they see sad things?
Why do you need study supplies?
Why does kids at a young age drink?
Why do you use bandages?
Why is Alendronate prescribed for osteoporosis?
Why do they take your tonsils out?
Why is heart catheterization used to diagnose pericarditis?
Why is semen analysis performed?
Why do i have strong smelling Urine?
Why is volleyball healthy for you?
Why does a heavy smoker prefer smoking to eating?
Why is sleeping late then waking up late as well not advisable?
Why is it bad to breathe helium?
Why does it feel like needles when you urinate?
Why do you put lemon juice on apples?
Why did they use salty water to cleanse wounds?
Why is pecan pie so fattening?
Why do you need a timekeeper in netball?
Why do smokers have a hard time breathing?
Why is salt important for good health?
Why does a refrigerator not get cold but the freezer gets cold?
Why cant you use the same lancet twice to prick the finger?
Why do you get chest pains while you are swimming?
Why do you have to remove piercings when getting surgery for a kidney stone?
Why is methylated spirit not suitable for human consumption?
Why are some diseases hereditary?
Why do your hands fall asleep all the time?
Why is it necessary to keep yourself healthy?
Why is it drugs is dangerous to health?
Why have mood swing while on period?
Why is emphysema a COPD?
Why is diabetes so important?
Why dont people think racism is bad?
Why did grace die?
Why do boots have added value?
Why does my right lung hurts when i breath?
Why does your groin vibrate?
Why is spiritual health not included in the definition of health by WHO?
Why is it important to learn about drugs?
Why is anca brainless?
Why are expansion joints are so important?
Why is a high fibre diet important?
Why is silicon dioxide used in food?
Why do eyelashes shake?
Why are boils repetitive on the same location?
Why should you wash your hands before and after handling raw meat poultry or fish?
Why is it called ekg and not ecg?
Why is healthy hair important?
Why do dancers use drugs?
Why does the body need adipose tissue?
Why are the walls in my house turning black?
Why do you need balance diet?
Why would a doctor give you sulfamethoxazole?
Why does a person use repression?
Why is being a vegetarian bad for you?
Why can a person with type O blood donate to all other blood types?
Why is angryness is not good for your health?
Why do doctors no longer recommend the routine removal of tonsils?
Why does a male pee a little bit of blood?
Why would a young child get involved with drugs?
Why should smoke prices go up?
Why are hysterectomies performed?
Why is it bad to have snowstorms?
Why cant women with lupus have kids?
Why does the Retina allow us to see colors?
Why are vasodilators used?
Why is your brain an important body part?
Why do doctors scrub with their fingers pointing up?
Why does an animal have platelets?
Why is poverty a main reason of disease?
Why does appendix hurt?
Why would this happen?
Why do you see smoke from feces?
Why do sellers of legal and illegal drugs rely heavily on drugs abusers as customers?
Why is distilled water more pure than tap?
Why are you so scared to kiss you boyfriend?
Why does your ankle and or foot get numb when you run on it?
Why do your bodies need exercise?
Why does the colon not have villi?
Why do I get horny all the time and Im a female can this happen?
Why do posture changes?
Why is deadly radiation not good for human bodies?
Why are guardrails a good thing?
Why is staging done in cases of lymphoma?
Why is modern life a lot less active than previous years?
Why do we need to make the environment safer?
Why do coronary stent patients have to manage other health conditions?
Why do coronary stent patients have to quit smoking?
Why do coronary stent patients have to take medications?
Why is it important to complete a health care proxy?
Why is laparoscopic surgery preferred over open surgery?
Why are ureteral stents used?
Why is my feet cold and turning black?
Why do smelly feet stink?
Why do boys put there hands down there trousers?
Why does when the period started for one day then next day its stopped could you might be pregnant?
Why should diets for adolescents be carefully planned?
Why does urine smell funny after one eats asparagus?
Why might a person be obese but not overweight?
Why have you been getting sick latley?
Why did they invent the stethoscope?
Why do we get diarrhea?
Why is fluoride bad for your health?
Why are teenagers so hard to get along with?
Why is Claudia fat?
Why do I get turned on when people are tortured to death?
Why do legs feel stiff and hurt after sitting then loosen up after walking?
Why does periods have heavy bleeding?
Why does sperm gets hard in hot water?
Why do I sometimes suddenly get moody?
Why do your brain lack of oxygen?
Why is tetrachloroethylene dangerous?
Why do people with anaemia get tired?
Why should California be a state?
Why is it recommended that you have a periodic check up?
Why am I so depressed in summer?
Why do you feel after taking a bath?
Why are food sanitation and safety hygiene related to tourism?
Why do people like to sleep undressed?
Why do woman bruise easier than men?
Why do you get breakouts after you get in water?
Why does your little girl have so much energy?
Why did they make prank stars?
Why is private health care so expensive in the United States?
Why do you need to sleep 8 hours of sleeping?
Why do you need supplemental health insurance?
Why do boys like eating you out?
Why do you bend your knees when you jump?
Why do you like to eat soft rocks?
Why are barbiturates not the drugs of choice for treating insomnia?
Why does patient need to be given water?
Why is mouth is important to human body?
Why is skipping meals disastrous for your metabolism?
Why is pressure and temperature affects the sollubility?
Why is there such thing as life?
Why is the atmosphere phenomenon called?
Why does body require fluid while exercising?
Why should you perform kegal?
Why do your lips blister after a tornado passes?
Why can it be dangerous to have to much fat on your body?
Why do some athletes take performance enhancing drugs?
Why do most sports injuries result in damage to ligaments and tendons?
Why are hot water baths important in a science lab?
Why is warm water used during cold weather?
Why do you have to keep a daily record when using a holster monitor?
Why do you get a period every 28 days why not every other month or once every 4 months why every 28 days to a month?
Why do you have the xray?
Why do your eyes turn red everyday?
Why is suicide an increased risk for depression?
Why is it important for a healthcare professional to list the initials indicating the degree they have?
Why should staff wear aprons in a care home?
Why is it important that the cardiovascular system start developing before the musculoskeletal system in embryonic life?
Why do you need a scab over a cut?
Why do some men put you down after you reject them?
Why do the blood vessels get clogged?
Why is tap essential for life?
Why is ATM important to the cells?
Why is it important to drink a lot when you have a cough?
Why is sweetener more expensive than sugar?
Why do people use mineral rocks as healing factors?
Why is it important for us to maintain your physical and emotional health?
Why do you need so many ligaments?
Why is it that human being can eat all the daily requirements of fruits and vegetables and fiber and still am constipated?
Why is it bad to eat noodles?
Why is it bad to eat burgers?
Why is it bad to drink coke?
Why are fast food places garbage?
Why is health insurance such a problem?
Why do you have frequent urination sometimes better sometimes worse?
Why is obesity continuing to rise even with all the research and diets and community programs available?
Why are oil glands found in your skin?
Why does it take some people so long to poop?
Why is smoking enjoyable?
Why do Africans travel abroad?
Why is it that every time you move your hand your wrist hurts?
Why have you got permanent pins and needles?
Why do men do not get boners?
Why does a woman need energy?
Why do intravenous fluids use salt solutions?
Why is safety and first aid important?
Why could raw egg be bad?
Why is ya mum so ugly?
Why is eating junk food a bad idea?
Why is it not possible to eradicate all the diseases?
Why is a gymnast more muscular than a runner?
Why is it that the tastiest foods seem bland and flat when you have a bad head cold?
Why do you cry when you open your eyes for a long time?
Why do you sneeze in the morning?
Why does locking your knees make you pass out?
Why should calcium and iron not be taken at the same time?
Why would a Muslim girl not want to be examined by a male doctor?
Why is pre eclampsia dangerous?
Why would hair suddenly become thick and full?
Why will athletes not live as long as non athletes?
Why are skin folds taken on the right side of the body?
Why is medicine all about relieving symptoms and not curing the disease?
Why do people with diabetes have poor circulation?
Why does mitoses occur?
Why is the combination of methods typically used to treat cancer that has spread beyond the original tumor?
Why is urethritis more common in women?
Why are people against contraceptives?
Why is your fishes tail splitting?
Why do dental chairs have thin and narrow headrests?
Why are plane crashes more common on private planes?
Why is it important to do no further harm to your patient?
Why is the health care system so bad in south Africa?
Why is cholera such a difficult disease to manage in areas where there has been a recent natural disaster?
Why do you suddenly fall asleep after eating?
Why cant my son breathe?
Why is man stronger then woman?
Why is it needed to check residual in patient with g tube?
Why do private schools have short skirts?
Why is a baby the color it is when made by two different colored parents?
Why can some people take more pain than others?
Why do people say to you that they want to kill themselves to you?
Why do white girls have big buts?
Why do more and more teens try or do kill themselves?
Why are fizzy drinks worse for your teeth than still drinks?
Why do cuts made in sea water bleed more?
Why should you read your product labels?
Why do your finger tips get wrinkly from the water?
Why was it bad to have a baby outside marriage?
Why does water splash up on my bum bum when I poo?
Why is a symptom of emphysema breathlessness?
Why is your nose cold when in a cooler environment?
Why is your ear still clogged?
Why do people need to drink or eat?
Why do you get headaches?
Why has life expectancy increased?
Why do people cut their wrists?
Why are diuretics contraindicated to hyperlipidaemia?
Why do people get sick?
Why are the brain association areas important?
Why do people cum?
Why is it that you can blow hot and cold air?
Why are measures of variability essential to inferential statistics?
Why are measures of variability essential to inferential statistics?
Why do people sleep walk?
Why do you feel dizzy when you wake up?
Why does dilantin have a smaller retention time in reversed phase HPLC as compared to benzil?
Why do you need an immune system?
Why would adult male maintain fever for days while taking antibotics?
Why does thymus undergo involution?
Why do girls ejaculate?
Why did napoleon call the Iberian peninsula his Spanish ulcer?
Why can a person receive platelets donated by anyone but must receive a particular type of whole blood?
Why does bile contain electrolytes?
Why do you get white hair on your temple first?
Why do you get tired?
Why would your hips hurt considering you havent had a period since last year this time?
Why do I have high dopamine and norepinephrine levels?
Why was his sperm light blue?
Why do you have a headache?
Why are fire dept being closed do to tax?
Why did Henry leave the hospital in Chocolate Fever?
Why is it hard for people to multitask?
Why is malaria so difficult to control?
Why does your tongue look weird?
Why is type 2 diabetes so common amongst Indigenous peoples?
Why is math needed to be a plastic surgeon?
Why do humans prefer the sweet tasting things over the other tastes such as salty and sour?
Why were condoms invented?
Why do condoms break?
Why do you have mucus in eyes?
Why is immunioglobin given daily?
Why am you so tired ater cone biopsy 3 wks?
Why does your stomach feel like it is blushing too when your face is blushing?
Why is the drug called Adriamycin also called H?
Why do your ears not make wax?
Why do you feel the urge to urinate when touching hot water?
Why do dogs have seizures?
Why are ketone pathological conditions associated with vomiting?
Why do you ususlly get measles or chicken pox onlt once?
Why do people snore?
Why do ears itch?
Why could your tongue feel sore?
Why do you feel so horny?
Why is oxygenation of the blood less efficient in people with emphysema?
Why does an adult have more muscle mass than children?
Why are micronutrients required in small amounts?
Why do you vomit?
Why would you choose psychiatry as a careeer?
Why are your fingers on your left hand numb?
Why did Alvin Harrison take drugs?
Why are people mean to other people?
Why is confidentiality important in drugs work?
Why does your spleen hurt?
Why is the breathing rate different in children and adults?
Why has nutrilite changed the formula for vision health supplement?
Why are drugs bad?
Why do you rub talc on your body?
Why do some humans need drugs?
Why does the width of the attached gingiva increase with age?
Why do you grind your teeth?
Why are red blood platelets in urine?
Why do people twitch unconsciencely?
Why did you become a nurse?
Why would you even want to, since Strattera is not a stimulant like other ADHD drugs?
Why is the term wandering not appropriate way to describe people with dementia who walk about?
Why was Little Richard on crutches at his 4th of July performance?
Why is semen yellow?
Why are your areolas sensitive?
Why does zucchini bread keep you awake?
Why do guys fall asleep after sex?
Why do you have gas bloating and some shortness of breath?
Why was homosexuality classified as a disease?
Why do people get disease?
Why do people dreams when asleep?
Why do the palms of your hands turn white when you sneeze?
Why are health departments important?
Why do skydivers wear helmets?
Why do you get catarrh when you stop smoking?
Why do you have stiffness in your legs and feet in the morning upon waking?
Why does hair go grey?
Why do semen not come out?
Why do you talk in your sleep?
Why do nursing homes smell?
Why does eckerds charge you for diabetic supplies when I have Medicare and AARP copay?
Why do we hate injections?
Why is there 0 percent increase in LH when someone was given 100mg of Clomiphene a day for seven days?
Why do we get cold sores?
Why does your boyfriend ejaculate very quickly?
Why do your testes shrink when you ejaculate?
Why do you start with rapid field stain b and then a when staining thin films for malaria parasites?
Why do people live?
Why is it that when you sing in your falsetto voice it comes out all creaky and hard to control?
Why does your boyfriend get a headache after he cums?
Why do you feel itchy when wounds are about the cure?
Why have you got your period a week early?
Why would you allow yourself to run a fever?
Why do urban children suffer from diseases like diabetes myopia?
Why does head pain due to acidity?
Why is having a healthy lifestyle is?
Why can you not ejaculate?
Why does hair turn grey?
Why would an hepatitis blood test reveal the presence of only 1 reactive antibody?
Why is it the family is considered as the basic unit of the society?
Why do you need the light suit?
Why is child malnutrition higher in females than males?
Why does your heel get sore after starting to walk after broke leg?
Why do you have otalgia and ear canal swelling with sarcoidosis?
Why do your knees hurt when you drive?
Why does biting on tinfoil hurt?
Why does your neck sweat during sleep?
Why do women ejaculate?
Why are more trees cut down and fewer planted in return when they provide our oxygen and help all living creatures to breath?
Why can you not get your ssi thro?
Why might walking downhill or walking down stairs cause contractions of the leg muscles?
Why do we sleep?
Why is it important to be confidential when working as a health proffessional on hospital wards?
Why does your stomache hurt?
Why do people crack their knuckles?
Why do people talk in there sleep?
Why does semen taste bad?
Why is it important for hospital administrators to rega rd outpatient care as a key component of their overall business strategy?
Why are you spotting?
Why does miscarriage happen?
Why do data collection and analysis often occur simutaneously in qualitative research?
Why does your oxygen concentrator have a terrible taste?
Why do armpits stink?
Why does your son have a birth mark similar to mine?
Why have you got a disease?
Why is hemoglobin important?
Why is infancy the shorterst period of development?
Why does miscarraige happen?
Why do humans sneeze?
Why is medical ethics important in your scope of practice which is surgical technology?
Why do itch 1 week before my period?
Why are you spotting 3 days after your period is over?
Why does your nose run after meals?
Why does the lack of bethanechol Urecholine in medications have side effects?
Why do you need the sun?
Why does it hurt after show in your pregnancy?
Why do you have brown blood and you are six days late?
Why do you need health?
Why do anyone needs to use ebastel?
Why do some people blackout and others do not?
Why are EKG done in amedical office?
Why do you choke or gag when you put your fingers in your mouth but not when you eat?
Why are only boys color blind?
Why do hands tremble?
Why do we hiccup?
Why was the polio vaccine important?
Why do people ask people out?
Why did my face turn red and my body break out after I swam when you are not sensitive to chlorine but the heater was on at the indoor pool?
Why are blood levels checked when using medications?
Why do people talk in their sleep?
Why do we close our eyes when we sneeze?
Why are the differences between nursing home facility structure and general acute care hospital necessary?
Why do a aminocentisis on a 28yr old?
Why does one twin get thalssemia and not the other?
Why is it that pneumonia is the number one morbidity in the year 2002 in the Philippines?
Why have you not had chlamdia symptoms before if you have been with the one partner for over one year?
Why do you sneeze when you eat minty things?
Why are there patterns of flowers in your eyes?
Why do toddlers rock back and forth when seated?
Why is it isolation or quarantine have greater effect in decreasing poliomyelitis incidence?
Why do people like smoking?
Why do you have stretch marks?
Why is your semen seedy?
Why do people have fingers?
Why is the United States the only country that does not have free health care?
Why would you take someones height on admission to hospital?
Why is radiation from television bad?
Why have you two missing cervical vertebra?
Why do you get pachygyria?
Why does being alone feeling make your anxiety more worse?
Why is that difficult to get old?
Why does lymph drain in two different quadrants?
Why are semen white?
Why is concentration gradient important to biological systems?
Why would a woman not have their menstrual cycle?
Why is your body in pain?
Why is your body in pain for no reason?
Why did you lose the battle of Brooklyn?
Why are extra digits on fingers considered dominant traits?
Why is it important to adjust equipment to suit individuals?
Why do you have to shake a deodorant spray before you use it?
Why would acetylcholine agonists not be as effective as aChE inhibitors in chemical warfare?
Why are open epiphyseal plates misread on xrays as fractures?
Why do physicians need knowledge in mathmatics?
Why is hair from a mole more dense?
Why do you have sore joints?
Why is a transplantation procedure so difficult?
Why would cooked chicken go green?
Why does the peroxide hurt?
Why is a dialysis membrane used in a kidney dialysis machine?
Why are organisms best fitted?
Why are nurses important?
Why is cocaine an illegal drug?
Why do you get sunburned easily?
Why do people get drunk?
Why are lozenges are bad for the heart?
Why is ergonomics important?
Why do you not get sick when you take methadone on a suboxone routine?
Why do you twitch in your sleep?
Why have you gotten taller at age 27?
Why did you get pregnant without fallopian tubes?
Why is a micro fractured knee such a serious injury?
Why would semen not develop after three days when fertilized with an embryo?
Why cant you stop a sneeze?
Why does the spleen enlarge towards right iliac region?
Why do you think not?
Why are girls around the age of 12 but not boys are vaccinated against German Measles Rubella?
Why does your 5 month old baby constantly shake her head?
Why do you have a heavy period and clogs?
Why do you need a balanced diet?
Why do you feel cold and numness on your upper spine?
Why does the roof of your mouth throb with your sinus infection?
Why are you fainting when you come out of the sea?
Why does alcohol make you pee?
Why is it bad to freeze plastic water bottles?
Why is alcohol considered a drug?
Why do you catch cold when you eat fruits?
Why would you feel pain on one side of your spine and not the other while getting a tattoo?
Why is your period shorter after stopping the pill?
Why do amino acids cause curly hair?
Why do pennies stick to the temples of your head?
Why do pennies stay attached to the temples of your head as if by magnetism all by themselves especially during a headache?
Why do people continue bad habits?
Why are you always tired?
Why is the cardiovascular system important?
Why do you get a red bloody spot if you hit myself could it be my medicine?
Why are the olfactory receptors said to be in a poor location?
Why did whina do what she did to help people?
Why would one eye twitch and the other be fine?
Why is it so inportatnt for as to have more than one saliva gland?
Why is Lyrica used for neuropathy?
Why cant you feel anything during sex?
Why is the abdomen referred to as scaphoid?
Why is the patient with sickle cell anemia considered anemic?
Why would your knees crack like cracking your knuckles but they do it themselves when you walk or go up or down stairs?
Why does thumbe need to crack?
Why is the RT profession so much more widely recognized in the US compared to Canada?
Why do you need soap?
Why do you need to use absolute pressure?
Why is Mr Janosky so mean?
Why is it important to shower after swimming in a chlorinated pool?
Why do you have shooting pains in your shoulders arms and legs?
Why are some people bigots?
Why is it important to keep accurate records of supplies suppliers and systems?
Why do dogs sniff each others butts?
Why would blood clot in the mouth?
Why are women naggers?
Why do i have extra pain while taking vicodin?
Why are so many Japanese women pigeon toed?
Why are good eating habits important?
Why is it important to sit upright when using the computer?
Why do you have hotflashes during pregnancy?
Why do knees click?
Why are young mothers often abandon?
Why should you not do drugs during pregnancy?
Why is taking drugs bad?
Why are hospitals exempt from antitrust laws?
Why do girls mausterbate?
Why is the respiratory system important?
Why does my 1 year old keep sticking her fingers down her throat until she vomits?
Why do jobs require drug test?
Why does heat improve comfort?
Why do you need to sterelize in beauty?
Why do some drugs have an effect on your skin?
Why do you have to Place a methyl testosterone buccal tablet under the upper lip against the gum or between the cheek and the gum?
Why are drugs tested on animals?
Why are drugs addicting?
Why are drugs banned in sports?
Why does it feel good to have sex?
Why is nicotine a drug?
Why is water not used as a liquid in a thermometer?
Why is only one strand of DNA transcribed?
Why is respiration good for muscle contraction?
Why do women need more iron?
Why do you get so sleep with copd?
Why does pinky finger twitch?
Why do some people sleep walk and others sleeptalk?
Why is DNA polar?
Why do people eat seasoned flour?
Why did McDog die?
Why do woolen blankets keep you warmer than cotton sheets?
Why is it important to understand the theory of the communication progress?
Why is poverty happening?
Why are some drugs illegal?
Why is statistic important in the health field?
Why do people have trouble expressing emotions?
Why do you have lymph nodes?
Why are you considered a health consumer?
Why does your elbow crack and hurt?
Why do your ears burn?
Why does black hair suddenly change into brown?
Why would high calcitonin levels slow blood clotting time?
Why do people get addicted to drugs?
Why do you need your respiratory system?
Why is Mrsa dangerous?
Why can a person receive platelets donated by anyone?
Why do people think drugs are cool?
Why is Benedict test not exclusive to glucose?
Why does a prominent Q wave in an ECG indicate old infarction?
Why does your knee jerk when hit?
Why is feeding backing up in gastrostomy tube?
Why does your foot legs go numb?
Why do you need to study social mobilization?
Why do girls get there period?
Why do I need to use the restroom a lot?
Why do you bathe?
Why is human waste brown?
Why does your left shoulder blade arm and hand feel tingly only at bedtime?
Why are military evacuated remains loaded feet first?
Why do you ejaculate fast?
Why does my nose bleed when I get overheated?
Why do boys ejaculate?
Why do humans have 2 eyes?
Why do you faint?
Why does your body twitch?
Why does your back hurt when you are sitting down?
Why do people have different metabolic rates?
Why do people get migraines?
Why are renal failure patients anemic?
Why is solubility of medication important consideration?
Why is smoking good?
Why does your Chihuahua have a seizure when he gets upset?
Why do some people get asthma and not others?
Why do some areas have more nerves then others?
Why does rennin clot milk quickly?
Why do people put stuff in the water?
Why do men not ejaculate?
Why do people get bloody noses when they are nervous?
Why are people born retarded?
Why is olive oil healthy?
Why should human RBCs be enucleated what advantages does RBC get by losing its nucleus?
Why was polio vaccine invented?
Why does head hair keep growing whereas body hair seems to stop at a certain length?
Why are diseases so prevalent in Angola?
Why does the shape of the joint allows the neck to move?
Why is seroquel considered such strong stuff?
Why is anxiety part of withdrawls in opiates?
Why does your period come 2 weeks early and your not on the pill?
Why does your belly sometimes get hard when you are only 11 weeks pregnant?
Why do some people have issues with bumps and different textures?
Why do some people have issues with bumps and different textures making them itch?
Why did hippies do drugs?
Why do I have dark shading under my finger nail?
Why is it bad for someone to gain weight quickly?
Why is there air coming out your ear?
Why does music affect your heartbeat?
Why do college require remedial courses?
Why would a shortage of transmitter substance cause alzheimers disease?
Why do you get cold sores?
Why do breasts grow slowly?
Why is Cardiomyopathy contraindicated to beauty care?
Why do things happen to preteens?
Why would I have progesterine on my ovary?
Why do you need to eat clear liquids after a concussion?
Why is your semen thin?
Why do you feel sick when you get a disease?
Why is your finger tip numb after being bitten by someone 4 days ago?
Why is it so easy for food to get drawn into the trachea instead of the esophagus?
Why would an adult while standing sway from side to side with arms crossed?
Why do boys have dandruff?
Why is it important to exercise your cardiovascular and cardiorespiratory systems?
Why does a joint sometimes pop out of place and quickly go back in?
Why is active range of motion performed before passive range of motion?
Why do people die of smallpox?
Why do you all of a sudden feel an intermitent vibrating effect in your rectum?
Why are infectious diseases increasing in number around the world?
Why is my semen chunky?
Why do you take more notice of eyes in first aid?
Why are illegal drugs so common?
Why is that so?
Why is DNA replicated?
Why do drugs effect people?
Why should skin turn green after death?
Why is my semen clear?
Why do you turn red when you blush?
Why is hydrochloric acid important?
Why do humans suffer when body temperature varies much beyond 37 degrees?
Why is your penis shrinking?
Why can I somtimes not hold my urination?
Why is water pollution dangerous?
Why does crack discolor teeth?
Why are your hands always cold?
Why does your butt swell up after injecting trembolone?
Why can medicine not be used to treat viral disease?
Why do sinuses drain into throat and not the nose?
Why are pediatricians important?
Why is blood a tissue?
Why dont drink butter milk in the night time?
Why are nets used to catch and save people?
Why does urine feel hot?
Why is soap referred to as a type of salt?
Why does crying help deal with tension?
Why is the location of the excretory system important?
Why does my body metabolize pain medication differently from other people?
Why do people think euthanasia is wrong?
Why does an athlete breathe faster than usual after finishing the race?
Why do you vomit after drinking cold water?
Why does tattoo skin wrinkle?
Why is ATP produced?
Why does mensuration occur in a woman?
Why do you have different coloured eyes?
Why does your heart rate decrease when you calm down?
Why am I bleeding when I am suppose to be ovulating?
Why is alcohol and depression medication not good to mix?
Why do you have organs?
Why do your hair turns green?
Why does our body do physical things while you are asleep?
Why does the body work best at 37 degrees?
Why do you treading water?
Why is yest used as a source of RNA?
Why do apples have sectioned pigmentation what chromosomal disorder is this?
Why is water so special for life?
Why does mildew smell good?
Why does food when you stand on your head?
Why do you have boils on your inner thighs?
Why is milk considered as an antidote?
Why is asthma a heredofamilial disease?
Why does alcohol cause pain with hodgkin disease?
Why is it important for surgeons to understand body regions?
Why would you have lymph nodes removed after a hysterectomy?
Why do women get facial hair?
Why do you hear a squirting noise in your neck?
Why is it important to keep your sodium intake in the recommended guide lines?
Why does a 6 month old infant move in circular crawling motion?
Why is ejaculate white?
Why would a person still have a sperm count three years after getting a vasectomy?
Why do oats lower blood pressure?
Why can you not look at both eyes at the same time?
Why do you gag constantly?
Why do you think you should be considered for the post of staff nurse in the renal dialysis ward?
Why do some people want to drink a lot of Coke or other pop?
Why are hemoglobin red?
Why would you not get a vaccine?
Why does meiosis produce four sperm cells but only one ovam?
Why is the world turning purple?
Why do I have my period for a full month?
Why is a person with type AB blood called a universal receiver?
Why does a 6 year old child hit themselves repeatedly?
Why do multicellular organisms have different shapes?
Why are chromosomes numbered?
Why would you bleed a heavy flow every three weeks?
Why is ATS and tetanus toxoid given simultaneously to patients with dirty wounds?
Why do your hair make your face break out?
Why does laughing make you pee?
Why is there a hole at the bottom of your babies spine?
Why can you taste what you do not smell?
Why is it easier to use shampoo after an haircut as compared to using shampoo on your hair without an haircut and moisten your hair?
Why should one avoid eating starches with protein?
Why is your period not here?
Why do woman gain weight after a hysterectomy?
Why does the room feel excessively hot?
Why do puppies get with sore eyes?
Why do you wake up after scooping water on your face?
Why do I have a small lump on the left side of my back?
Why do your wrists hurt?
Why is it hard to get thin?
Why do you have pain in right back?
Why would a person choose the field of dermatology to work in?
Why do i have a swollen ear after a cold?
Why does your ear hurt?
Why does skin become dry during the winter?
Why do you get sick when you eat bad foods?
Why is semen yellowish?
Why do you ejaculate for no reason?
Why would a 18 year old boy have sex with a 16 year old girl?
Why can your stomach bleed if you hit your head hard?
Why is DNA copied?
Why do your breasts hurt all month?
Why do you feel sick when you are on your period?
Why does my lower back pop without pain?
Why do i have loose bowels when due to give birth?
Why does the rate of heartbeat increases after running?
Why cant you use a tampon while using monistat?
Why do girls not have better short term memory loss?
Why do your hands and feet and legs go into spasms?
Why does your wee burn?
Why does the nose becomes colder than other parts of face in winter?
Why would you want to know that?
Why is kidney failure the common excretory disease?
Why is a cough persistent at night?
Why have effective and efficient customer service?
Why should you not give your personal detail to someone you do not know?
Why do some people have small heads compared to the rest of their body?
Why is the vinegar diluted?
Why do you keep getting spots?
Why do some people like being butt buddies?
Why does running affect the pulse?
Why is the ulna important?
Why do certain things make a penis hard?
Why am you bleeding one week after your period?
Why are you going to the toilet every couple of minutes?
Why are your nipples inflamed during your period?
Why does ejaculate have a very unpleasant odor?
Why do you have such bad cramping after getting off birth control pills?
Why is an immunosupressant drug given to aplastic anaemia?
Why do adults become dizzy and sick more quickly when spinning around than children?
Why is plastic harmful to the environment?
Why do pain pills make you sleepy?
Why do people get stomach aches?
Why is Coke Cola the worst soda for your teeth?
Why does urine smell burnt?
Why does girl bleed while she is not on her period but has a uti?
Why does my partner always need the toilet but when he goes nothing happens?
Why could the coxsackie B virus not be detected earlier in your son?
Why does the food didjest?
Why do you need to go to the bathroom?
Why are womens nipples are large and milky?
Why can soap remove grase and oil from your skin?
Why does having a beer when your hungover make you feel better?
Why do you honk when you blow your nose?
Why is it important that copies of DNA are produced during replication?
Why do people with angina sweat?
Why do you get pneumonia whenever you quit smoking?
Why does the body need protein?
Why do you need your protean?
Why does food turn green?
Why is Cellular respiration in living organisms?
Why does sniffing affect the balance?
Why do belly buttons smell bad?
Why do nurses choose to work abroad?
Why do you like the company?
Why do many ederly people without teeth display a chewing motion?
Why have you been getting a feeling about death?
Why are human feet arched?
Why is lttering bad?
Why do i get head aches during sex they start with a shooting pain up the whole of my neck and cover the whole of my head and eyes with a strong throbing sensation the pain lasts for a long time?
Why is the center of your eye called a pupil?
Why does alcohol affect men differently then women?
Why do bone heal faster in children than they do in adults?
Why does white cells turn brown is that dangerous?
Why would you feel stiffness in your fingers and palms after waking in the morning and is hot water an immediate cure?
Why are intravenous foods required for humans?
Why are you at risk of heart disease from eating to much fat?
Why does wee come out when you cough?
Why does your heart rate go up as you execise?
Why is a control important in an experiment?
Why is your voice changing?
Why is attendance important in the healthcare professions?
Why do your muscles ache when you are sick?
Why does Morrie think many people in the world are bad listeners?
Why does shoe size relate to height?
Why was the Nile Delta well suited for settlement?
Why do kidney infections cause a headache?
Why would i find fresh blood after sex at the tip of penis?
Why is the hypothalamus not considered an exocrine gland?
Why do you have pain in lower right abdominal and back area and in your colon after you have intercourse?
Why is there tingling in left shoulder blade?
Why do I have Numbing in pinky?
Why is passive transport important?
Why are complimentary base paires important in replication?
Why are V codes more applicable to outpatient settings?
Why dont you get horny any more?
Why does gas smell?
Why is the white part of your eye red?
Why do people have different tastebuds?
Why can you not take suppositories and benicar?
Why would you have periods two weeks apart?
Why is it not reasonable to ask those committed to preserving and extending life to act as thanatologists?
Why am you not pooing?
Why should a women know if she is pregnant early?
Why is their nausea nd vomiting if your in pain?
Why are colonies that develop on a heavily seeded plate smaller than those that appear on a sparsley seeded plate?
Why have you not had diarrhea when ive taken castor oil?
Why did King Carlos the third of Spain order settlements to be built in Alta California?
Why is brushing your hair good for you?
Why should you do some mild cardiovascular?
Why do you close eyes when you sneeze?
Why is it drugs are far scrubs?
Why do people feel pain and more or less of it?
Why is obesity such a problem?
Why are DNA and RNA not constantly seeping into all living organisms?
Why do sick or injured people wear oxygen masks?
Why were peanuts used primarily as animal feed in colonial days?
Why are these chemicals needed by your cells How are these chemicals used by cells to maintain the health of the cell?
Why are the cartilage rings not made of bone?
Why did actress George Anne Bellamy die?
Why are vegetables the healthiest food?
Why do my eyes get watery when im public speaking?
Why is the glass around a clinical thermometer so thin?
Why is everyone nosey?
Why do some animals eat feces?
Why is salivary amylase necessary when the stomach is the next destination anyways?
Why do i need to eat 5 a day?
Why do people smoke marijunana?
Why do woman have leakage days after sex?
Why are your hands the best tools in dissection?
Why do spots hurts so much?
Why do you drink alcohol so much?
Why do you feel you are a good candidate for this position?
Why do you have a burning after sex if is not a yeast infection could it be cancer?
Why is urine yellow on a hot dry day?
Why are there different colored apples?
Why does your right eye weakens to light?
Why is eye strain bad for your health?
Why is fruit good for us?
Why is Stuart brown ginger?
Why do you still use hydrogenated oils in your products when you say O to transfats?
Why do you need air?
Why are your breasts still sore and you are on your period?
Why should you not drag lift a person?
Why does a person cannot speak while on oxygen mask?
Why do you have chronic throat and back of neck pain?
Why do you get white bumps on your tongue from eating spicy foods?
Why does semen get sticky when water hits it with hair?
Why does hair shed in the winter?
Why do you gain weight when taking medications?
Why would your period only last 3 days regular the first and second day while spotting on the third day?
Why does a person need to use intrevenous food?
Why is your knee is full of fluid?
Why is liquid form of a drug absorbed quicker than tablet?
Why do some black people have red hair?
Why do people have to uninate in the middle of the night?
Why are hospital administrators important?
Why would you have pain just under your ribcage on the right side are there any organs you should worry aboutdull pain like a bruise?
Why do you use sociology in healthcare?
Why is it that when you put eyedrops in your eyes you can taste them?
Why are you stiff and hurt from head to toe?
Why do people throw coins onto coffins?
Why is your nail plate so small?
Why do people lie about their size and weight?
Why do you have sore skin on your stomach and back?
Why is pound noted lb?
Why do humans have to breath?
Why would human feces be spongy?
Why does treatment of human skin with alcohol not create a completely sterile environment?
Why do you need to study health ethics?
Why is it not nessecary to send all the blood to the lungs?
Why does your arm hurt when you sneeze?
Why cant my BOYFRIEND get an erection?
Why is an accounts receivable aging process in a health care organization important What would occur if organizations did not use this method?
Why does Britney Spears go on drugs?
Why is hemophilia called the royal disease?
Why did Samuel Barber die?
Why do my feet fall asleep when you run for a half hour?
Why does your lower left adominal have sharp pains?
Why would a food taste metallic?
Why do nipples get brown?
Why am i Discharging gassy and bloated?
Why was small pox eradicated?
Why do you hold up pinky fingers?
Why does a heart pump more blood around your body when you get active?
Why do white blood cells migrate toward inflammation?
Why do human rectums ooze fluids?
Why are chemistry and biology important in the career of an oncologist?
Why do your hands feel cold?
Why should a patient be advised of existence of computerized databases containing medical information about them?
Why cant some people feel pleasure during sexual activity?
Why is it important for us to discover the patterns of genotypic and phenotypics similarity and difference in living things and why should you understand the theories that describe the importance of g?
Why do people feel they are fat?
Why is it important for doctors to know your blood type?
Why have i lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks?
Why are your breasts sore this month during your period but never usually are sore?
Why is the center of the eye called pupil?
Why would your cheek be numb?
Why are your periods so frequent and heavy?
Why did britney spears have to take drugs?
Why do some scientists think that viruses are not living organisms?
Why do you decibe to leave your current job?
Why do salt crystals form on the skin of people with cystic fibrosis?
Why does a person require sugar?
Why do i shake during sleep?
Why does your breath stink after you get a tooth pulled out?
Why is tendinitis painful and potentially dangerous?
Why does hemoglobin decrease in diarrhea?
Why do you mention fibre as a separate nutrient?
Why can second sperm not penetrate an already fertilized ovum?
Why do people get scared?
Why does eating brown lettuce make you sick?
Why do tissues need a good blood supply?
Why were drugs created?
Why do you hold your breath often?
Why was the new nation in debt?
Why is fingerprints are differ from each other?
Why do your eyes get red?
Why is normal food good to people?
Why are my feces long?
Why would breast be dry and peeling with no itching?
Why does your scalp ache?
Why was phillip and timothy delirium dangerousin the cay?
Why has the left side of my mouth turned numb and tingles suddenly?
Why are you cold when you are wet?
Why is it that movement of hair causes itchiness?
Why are you cold when were wet?
Why do elderly people have to take so many pills?
Why are hepatitis shots done periodically?
Why do you feel hungry all the time?
Why is the cerebrum wrinkled?
Why was hairspay invented?
Why does gum give people cavities?
Why is shoulder pain a sign of ectopic pregnancy?
Why is fiber important for active young people?
Why is it important to study children?
Why would a period last for 2 weeks?
Why have rare breed centres been set up around the country?
Why was America irritated with yioruiyue in1812?
Why do your arms and hands go to sleep?
Why does your body need fats?
Why is responsbilitiy important?
Why do you stay tired all the time?
Why was Japan at a loss of resources during world war 2?
Why are vegetable oils important?
Why should you not take drugs?
Why is dynamic stretching better than static stretching?
Why are your tears a certain color?
Why does your body ache from the time you get up to the time you go to bed?
Why do you want to be a midwife?
Why do athletes take glucose medicine before their races?
Why are people taller and heavier than they were 500 years ago?
Why does the menstrual period cause asthma attacks?
Why does your arm fall asleep?
Why is cotton bad?
Why does your nose run when it gets too cold?
Why do you get nightmares?
Why is drug bad?
Why is your grammar bad?
Why does lift freeze up in cold weather it has been problem since it was purchased need tips on cold weather use?
Why are platelets essential to survival?
Why do people over use drugs?
Why is cat liter good for melting ice?
Why does your tongue get a yellow tint?
Why are you bleeding three days before your period?
Why do drug users get sores?
Why does skin protect us from disease?
Why are bactiria of the most consern?
Why is your cheek swollen after a root canal?
Why is nable soar?
Why do women have higher heart rates than men?
Why do you get used to the cold?
Why are you constipated?
Why are hela cells important?
Why does one crave mustard?
Why do your nippels hurt?
Why do you get itchy palms and underarms?
Why do guys have facial hair and girls dont?
Why do you have the name you do?
Why is muscular system important?
Why is bonding with your child important?
Why does the middle finger twitch after grabbing some things or after making a tight fist?
Why is water important for human body?
Why does your upper back always hurt?
Why do people have seizures?
Why do you have bloody stool?
Why do your hair and nails grow so fast?
Why does a body part go to sleep?
Why is sea water not suitable for drinking?
Why do doctors do drug test?
Why do you need crowns after a root canal?
Why do senior s hurt?
Why did I have a diluted urine test?
Why is the best tasting food almost always bad for you?
Why do you urinate so much in the night?
Why is drugs not good for some people in this woulds?
Why are you bleeding pink?
Why do girls have to have a pelvic exam?
Why does your face seem puffy with lots of wrinkles when you wake up in the morning?
Why are scrotums crinkly?
Why are you hurt when a boy that you think you love is going to break up with you?
Why might it be harmful or helpful to form larger peanuts since most of a peanut is stored food for its baby plant?
Why are you sore to the touch after alcohol?
Why are some male nipples larger than others?
Why did Tan Tock Seng set up Tan Tock Seng hospital?
Why would the abdomen be more vulnerable to damage than other parts of the body?
Why did terry fox risk his life?
Why does kidney stone pain come in waves?
Why is your period suddenly dark brown and light?
Why are you so wrdee?
Why did you get your period for 3 days?
Why is it important for surgeons to understand the body regions?
Why do you taste blue?
Why are people starving in Africa?
Why would you have sore breasts and produce milk if you had your tubes clamped 6 months ago?
Why do you get a strange urge to stab your eye or cut off your finger when you see a sharp object?
Why are proteins your main source of energy if no carbohydrates are available?
Why does a reflex arc work?
Why should I protect my self?
Why should people be aware of their cholesterol intake?
Why does Amy feel so confused?
Why should you stop water pollution?
Why does your body shake when your about to fall asleep?
Why do you need patassium?
Why is low beverage pH bad?
Why is it important for massage therapists to know the structure and location of bony landmarks?
Why do you use Latin terms to describe medical conditions?
Why would a person loose 3 pints of blood without any injury?
Why do we have ears?
Why are scientists unable to tell how many different viruses there are?
Why does Synthroid effect your restless leg syndrome?
Why does Synthroid effect your RLS?
Why do we need to rehydrate ourselves?
Why do fingers turn blue?
Why do mosquito bites from months ago pop out later?
Why are sinuses susceptible to infection?
Why do you need to recycle materials?
Why would your doctor prescribe you Trisequens?
Why are vains blue and artries red?
Why is it soo important to have many villi in the small intestine?
Why do ankles ache and swell?
Why are your cuticles dark?
Why does your baby have blood and mucus in her stools?
Why did you change the iron and calcium content of Brier Rabbit Blackstrap molasses to be less nutritious now from twenty per cent to 2 per cent?
Why do your legs itch after you walk?
Why do people of Mediterranean and African decent have sickle cell anemia?
Why is it bad to drink alcohol?
Why does rice have a odor after putting it in the ref?
Why is it important to continuously update the implementation and communication of a strategic plan?
Why does urine in a plastic catheter bag have a bacon odor?
Why do people who live in the mountains of Nepal have bigger lungs than you do?
Why are skills needed to become an optometrist?
Why do girls when they get 10 years old get hair on their wrong spot?
Why are you tired when it rains?
Why do you have dry ejaculate?
Why is your left arm twitching?
Why is important for family workers to know some history and immigrants groups?
Why do people have painful menstrual cycles?
Why does your digestive system produce enzymes to digest proteins fats and carbohydrates?
Why do you get a burning in your knee?
Why do you get a burning in your knee when ever you bend it?
Why do you feel nausea when you starve yourself?
Why are there only 2 genders?
Why have you got a flutter of pins and needles in your head?
Why did vanessa kiss ashely tinstale?
Why do adults abuse alcohol?
Why does your skin peel in sheets?
Why are the black Bahamian people treated poorly than another Bahamian in this country?
Why is sodium chloride used in shampoo?
Why are C02 quantities a good measure of respriation?
Why is one breast bigger and very painful to touch?
Why does your semen smell fishy?
Why does your hand itch for no reason?
Why do you see small blurry marks?
Why should you sleep facing a certain direction?
Why am i bleeding and cramping and my period stopped a week ago?
Why have you been throwing up all day?
Why does applying pressure to a wound usually stop bleeding?
Why is hemp good?
Why do you tilt your neck?
Why does it occur?
Why are soaps detergents harmful to the environment?
Why are there upper and lower bands of muscles in the upper and lower arm?
Why do humans have bad breath?
Why are some venous blood darker than others?
Why do I ALWAYS feel sluggish and the only thing you want to do is stay home laying down when I have my period?
Why does blood come out your choochie when your on your period?
Why do humans have unique protein?
Why do people need hemoglobin in there blood?
Why is accurate medical terminology so important?
Why did the pilgims move to the new world?
Why do peoples faces go red?
Why did Chinese invent the jump rope?
Why do you have back pain after sitting down but not when standing all day?
Why does nurse need academic qualification to care for patient?
Why does a nurse need academic qualification to take care for patient?
Why do boys have a wiener?
Why is it not ok to spank youreslf?
Why should a toddler eat eggs?
Why does the left side control the right half side of body?
Why do pepole cut them self?
Why do teens use over the counter drugs?
Why would a mans scrotum change in size from day to day?
Why do you get a burning in your heal sometimes?
Why is heart rate so important?
Why do fun things hurt?
Why are you a person?
Why is boron being treated for arthritis?
Why have i a Sharp pain that comes and go in abdomen area no period past six months?
Why did the black plague end in 2007?
Why are we called human beings?
Why do some Irish men have blonde hair and red beards?
Why is Emotional intelligence important in private schools?
Why is it important to work as a team in a nursing environment?
Why is the excretory system important?
Why have light menstrual or spotting more than 10 days Is it normal?
Why are athletes tested for drugs?
Why does dead bodies get stiff several hours after death?
Why are colostomies performed?
Why should they be in diapers?
Why is water a biomolecule?
Why is my lip sore inside and red?
Why are some drug addicts poorly nourished?
Why are women carriers for the disease hemophilia?
Why do you need Unsaturated Fats in your body?
Why is scientific names important to the study of medicine?
Why does Play Doh taste so good?
Why did Charles Drew helped people?
Why did Charles Drew help people?
Why is it important that the blood have several buffering mechanisms to avoid radical pH changes?
Why did different people have different reason for eating eggs?
Why is an ultrasound given during pregnancy?
Why can a tibicos can cause a tuberculosis?
Why does your hearing change as you get older?
Why do psychologist like illusions?
Why are medical examiners important?
Why is a pulse usually taken at the wrist and neck?
Why is alcohol deadly to plants?
Why cant people use the bathroom in like 4 days?
Why do you get improper sleep in day time?
Why do you get mouth ulcers frequently?
Why are root hairs important to carrots?
Why do service users have to be treated as a individual?
Why do you put salt in with boiling water and vegetables?
Why have you been on and off for the pass two months?
Why do people take ghb?
Why is there a burning sensation when you get rosacea?
Why is obsity importain?
Why is dark chocolate good for you?
Why do nipples get hard in the cold?
Why are some cleaners more expenseive?
Why does vinegar give some people ulcerated tounges?
Why do animals become endangered in shelters?
Why is it bad to smoke and drink alcohol?
Why am i so hot and stunning and fit?
Why are foods that are healthy more expensive than those that are not healthy?
Why is smoke coming out of my asthma pump?
Why is it so wrinkled?
Why do you feel light headed 2 hours after taking tablets for your fever?
Why does your pee turn different colors?
Why do you pick your head?
Why do Baby sheep have seizures?
Why does putting cold liquid in your ears cause vomiting?
Why is urine more concentrated in hot water?
Why am i getting pins and needles in my hands and lips on one side of my body?
Why was the condom invented?
Why is having too much trans fat bad for you?
Why can certain drugs or chemicals alter mood?
Why is the refractory period after sexual orgasm longer in older men than in younger men?
Why would you get your period at the beginning of the month and then start bleeding again like two weeks later?
Why are air conditioners unnecessary?
Why do you dont use drugs?
Why does America have a high rate of obesity?
Why should you ask for another hospital room?
Why do they call them plastic surgeons?
Why is it given to Amoebiatic patient?
Why do people have white dots on the middle of your hairs?
Why do you get cold at night?
Why do ligaments have to be stretchy?
Why does your leg hurt when you get your period?
Why would the doctor order a full series of Chest and Rib Xrays following a bone scan?
Why is your mother blind?
Why do you feel different after 11 weeks of being pregnant?
Why is it important to understand body regions?
Why should they change the age of drinking from 18 to 21 in the UK?
Why should I be getting worried about having to wear diapers?
Why do teenagers become anorexic?
Why do teenagers become anorexic?
Why are running tracks banked?
Why do infections cause local redness?
Why are ethics and ethical leadership important in the medical field?
Why is it impossible to keep your eyes completely still just by trying to?
Why do my face speak bad english?
Why does hair become gray or white?
Why do your body parts crack when you stretch?
Why is ear clogged during a sinus infection?
Why might your period be 9 days late?
Why is drug dilution harmful?
Why would you continue to be bulimic even if you know the dangers of the disease?
Why does a nail fall off?
Why do some people think sexual abuse is funn?
Why do people faint at the sight of blood?
Why is chocolate bad for our body?
Why do you need to urinate what purpose does it serve?
Why do people take in prohibited drugs?
Why do your eyes keep weeping?
Why would they taste urine samples?
Why did so many people get trench foot?
Why does it sting when you are having sex and after sex?
Why does a baby get seizures when they have a high temperature?
Why do people separate from their country?
Why are certain babys called test tube babys?
Why does acrocyanosis effect women more than men?
Why is Health Care Important?
Why does healthy food look bland?
Why was the incidence of disease so high among civil war soldiers?
Why was the artificial heart developed?
Why does the fibroid keep moving?
Why does picric acid is used for treatment for burns?
Why are drugs so expensive?
Why did the beef get conminated in chino California?
Why does blue shield have so many insurances for seniors ridiculous to spend so much money on breakfasts etc to explain same?
Why did your penis have a bloody discharge after ejaculation?
Why are you so itchy around the sore area of shingles?
Why do you get a fever?
Why do some people thimk smoking is cool?
Why are kidneys nephrons and capsules related?
Why are my both nipples not same color or size?
Why is milk important to the human body?
Why is your lower left jaw is numb?
Why are you embarrassed to go to gynecologist?
Why are several narrow beams of radiation used?
Why do you listen to music while driving?
Why are your red blood cell small?
Why is it that if you put salt on your arm for example then put ice on the salt why does it burn you?
Why do paumotan divers lungs contract when they freedive for pearls?
Why are breast sore and tender?
Why do people protest about abortions?
Why would you come back on your period 2 weeks after finishing your last one?
Why is sprite healthy?
Why do people work well under pressure?
Why do you eat went you sheet it out?
Why is it important for us to control your blood sugar levels?
Why do ligaments get stronger?
Why do people deal drugs?
Why is babies with a hole problem cannot move very much?
Why should you have two periods in a month?
Why are women having nasolacrimal occlusion?
Why is a pulse measured?
Why do they do itHow come they do itWhy do thry think their cool when they do it?
Why do infants have high lymphocyte count?
Why is pancreatic cancer so deadly?
Why do you ejaculate so little?
Why is your backbone so important?
Why do some girls breast still are flat in sixth grade?
Why should agecies be required to provide treatment?
Why do fibroids shrink in post menopausal?
Why do Americans idolize film actors but still allow themselves to get overweight?
Why is arginine an indispensable amino acid in adult human?
Why do you smell amonia all the time?
Why does it tickle after a minute when you finger yourself?
Why do you get a cold feeling as though it is running down your arms and into your stomach?
Why do you get a ice cold feeling running down your arms and into your stomach you suffer from depression and panick attacks is this normal?
Why do people have blood?
Why do professional athletes take steroids?
Why do guys girls have different private parts?
Why do you have your period for two weeks?
Why do you obsess over bathrooms?
Why do your breast hurt when you are close to your period?
Why are thermometers so important can people die if their temperature is too high or low?
Why are so many sperm necessary for fertilization to occur?
Why do many children of southern Africa develop illnesses?
Why does size make a difference in the health care industry?
Why are some womens breast flabby?
Why do you get dizzy when you lay down?
Why are fattyn acids insoluble in water?
Why is it that the taller you are the more you weigh?
Why is it so important for the human body to have an organizational scheme?
Why do you have ten toes?
Why is there blodd in serum?
Why should teens excercise for twenty minutes a day?
Why do your eyes get bloodshot after studying all night?
Why do your eyes get bloodshot when you are tired?
Why were the permanent five members created?
Why do some Australians lack natural protection from the sun?
Why do your feet smell awful?
Why do people use sunbeds?
Why do you smell when you are on your periods?
Why does grape juice stain on teeth?
Why does DNA need to change periodically?
Why do people kill harpy eagles their so beautiful?
Why is there center chest discomfort when you lie down on your left or right side?
Why does your dog have seizures from loud noises?
Why is cranberry juice recommended for bladder infections?
Why is first aid important?
Why do people have nightmares?
Why do your lips turn blue and you start to shiver even in warm temperatures?
Why do bogies spread jerms?
Why is gelatin used with some herbs?
Why are men heavier than women?
Why do you have facial numbness and tingling hands?
Why would urine smell like iron?
Why did lil Cory die?
Why do cartilage and tendons take so long to heal?
Why do players take steroid?
Why are some drugs dangerous?
Why do you lack the urge to pee?
Why do you have a whole on your ear?
Why are you salty?
Why does my heart race at night keeping me awake at 25 weeks pregnant?
Why is nikol is awosome?
Why is there a difference between male and female systolic blood pressure?
Why does a type 1 diabetic need 45 carbs per meal per day?
Why cannot a horse be sick?
Why does your period come twice a month?
Why are platelets important?
Why does caffeine effect heart rate?
Why is it that the circulation of the blood depends largely on gravity?
Why are your eyes colured?
Why is the Turkish method of immunising against smallpox risky?
Why are computers important in this centur y?
Why does an organism grow larger?
Why am i bleeding for a month now aftr using cytotec?
Why do i have cramp but no period mild nausea and bloating?
Why do you have to take perscritption drugs?
Why does wine make you sleepy?
Why would both temples look swollen and your jaw hurt?
Why is health physical education and recreation important for everyone?
Why are babies heads big?
Why do you only get ear ache when you lie down?
Why does a red spot apper on your fingernals every time you accidentally push a needle under it?
Why is acid water bad for you?
Why is sucrose given an a IV?
Why is steam so dangerous?
Why would you want to live longer?
Why do doctors recommend Tylenol used for people with mononucleosis?
Why dont most other types of bacteria produce ulcers?
Why are people in America unhealthy?
Why would You get terrible migraines that develop in your neck socket you also crack and pop your neck frequently?
Why do I have tingling feet when lying down?
Why do you need to eat?
Why do hemoglobin values rise in COPD?
Why do feel hot when you have the cold?
Why does a robo dwarf spit food from their mouths when you carry them?
Why is it beneficial for human civilization to exist in the temperate grasslands?
Why does a few protective mechanisms protect so well?
Why do people shake with their right hand?
Why should you not go out in hot or cold weather if you have pneumonia?
Why are some humans color blind?
Why are sanitary landfill important?
Why do vitamin companies add antioxidants to the vitamins?
Why do new glasses make you feel short?
Why is Diffusion alone not an efficient way for humans to transport nutrients and wastes?
Why does the nuber of chromosomes in these kinds of cells need to be cut in half?
Why does your Urine smells like coffee?
Why is an ovum bigger than the sperm?
Why do pediatricians have to travel?
Why did Lennon take drugs?
Why should you eat meat?
Why is your toddler tired after she had pneumonia?
Why is it important for surgeons to understand the body region?
Why are magnets used in eye hospitals?
Why does your child have a black tongue?
Why do valencia oranges have more juice than navel oranges?
Why am I Bleeding after 1 year from last period?
Why were soldiers dying of food poisoning in World War 1?
Why do you need to drink water?
Why would a blood test be negative if your period is two weeks late?
Why does sugar effect your teeth?
Why is your skin hard and dark?
Why has the number of malaria cases increased?
Why are teens getting pregnant at age 13?
Why do you get vaginal discharge?
Why is euthanasia a bad thing?
Why do some doctors prescribe antioxidants for patients who already have existing cancer condition?
Why does the frog have the smallest brain?
Why would my neck Click when running?
Why do you have razor like cuts and burning itchy feet?
Why does it feel better to apply pressure if we hurt ourselves?
Why did egyptains love to eat?
Why does your lower stomach feel sore when you drink coffee?
Why did chuck woolery move to Texas?
Why do woman get itchy nipples?
Why do you keep getting herpes zoster?
Why do they call it the food pyramid?
Why would Jeff do drugs?
Why did men and women sleep in separate beds?
Why are you always cold?
Why did Jeff hardy do drugs?
Why doses the theeth turn dark brown?
Why do i have a vaginal discharge that is sometimes pink and sometimes brown when my ultrasound scan shows 8 week foetus live with strong hertbeat?
Why are lipids important in membrane structure?
Why would sea salt have sodium ferris cyanide as an ingredient?
Why do you have gas while on kidney dialysis?
Why are things expired?
Why are my breasts SORE AND ENLARGED I HAVE HAD A COMPLETE HYSTERECTOMY?
Why is it better to drink something with electrolytes in it?
Why does the vertebrae column of an adult have fewer vertebrae than that of a newborn child?
Why do you feel like there is a garbage disposal spinning in your stomach?
Why is this?
Why is euthanasia wrong?
Why is junkfood unhealthy for you?
Why does your wbc continue to rise even after receiving medication for an infection?
Why is there white spots on my nob?
Why are some people born not being able to walk?
Why do your fingers get wrinkly when you shower?
Why does the nose get cold in temperature when sleeping?
Why is doug Cameron so hot?
Why is the water molecule so important to organism?
Why are you having changes in vision after having your nostril pierced?
Why is the hemoglobin important?
Why did i dream my friend went into premature labour?
Why do I get lots of colds?
Why are most street drug dealers Nigerian?
Why is it that not all girls of any ages have an eating disorder what did they do different then you?
Why are you still tired after 8 hours of good sleep?
Why is Kirby round?
Why did McDonalds start?
Why is Australia a sparsely populated country?
Why do breasts vary in size?
Why is hydrochloric acid is important?
Why does fingernail grow faster than toenail?
Why are your legs Jerking after epidural Steroid injections?
Why does my stomach hurt everytime I eat?
Why do some people swell up in the morning and after sex?
Why are king prawns caught at night?
Why is green energy better than normal energy?
Why do you get night sweats?
Why cant you eat rhubarb leaves?
Why is acid rain not alkalis?
Why does your left ovary hurt sometimes and you are on the pill?
Why would your heel be numb?
Why do you have to wear the proper size gloves?
Why do some people always have bad luck?
Why are antibiotics not effective in the treatment of viral diseases?
Why was Melody Rose Depp Johnny Depps daughter put in the hospital?
Why is there lead in poison?
Why is it difficult to obtain an erection and maintain it and why is there no semen when you finally ejaculate?
Why do you think nurses need to know law and their legal obligation?
Why was she a nurse?
Why do farts smell like rotten eggs?
Why is mitochondrial DNA more important than nuclear DNA?
Why would your blood get thinner although you do not take any blood thinner medication?
Why do i have an extra vertbrae?
Why do some girls have facial hair on their upper lip?
Why do men have hairy backs?
Why was it necessary to inoculate a plate containing zero percent NaCl and zero percent sucrose?
Why does your wrist hurt?
Why do you like pizza bagels?
Why does your breathing rate slow down after exerise?
Why does semen smell like bleach?
Why do you get runy noses?
Why is hydrochloric acid hazardous?
Why is your abdomen firming?
Why does it taste bland?
Why would you have one itchy armpit right?
Why does your eyes change color?
Why are delicious foods fattening?
Why are my breast are leaking?
Why do you get cramps at the back of your thy?
Why do you get cramps randomly?
Why do you get rid of lactic acid in your body?
Why do some adults have really little teeth?
Why does my right side and right side middle back hurt?
Why has your stomach been cramping off and on for about three weeks?
Why does tea give you acid reflex?
Why do people get facial hair?
Why is hemophilia more common in males?
Why does my body ache after the fan was blowing on me?
Why does my right armpit hurt before my monthly cycle begins?
Why do you become short of breath after climbing stairs?
Why does your period stay on for more than 3 weeks?
Why is smelling markers bad?
Why would a prospective employer be interested in your health?
Why do teeth and gums ache when running?
Why did the elephant man lay down?
Why do you tap your mugs before you drink?
Why do your legs and arms feel like cement blocks?
Why is sniffing rubbing alcohol bad?
Why would a drug user take benadryl?
Why would a doctor file an incident report?
Why do some guys eat their own semen?
Why do you do drugs?
Why is there no problem the arm clearing the widest dimension of the thoracic cage?
Why is that some Every month for about a week you get a soft spots in the top of your head that is sensitive to the touch?
Why is hearing so important?
Why does drinking water make you cold?
Why do you have cartilage in your nose?
Why should you run?
Why does your face turn red and blotchy when you drink?
Why does your stomach make bulging noise?
Why do I have green eyes when my father has dominant brown eyes and my mother has green eyes?
Why is translation important?
Why do the hairs on your arms or legs only grow to a certain length and yet the hair on your head will keep growing?
Why are men more prone to hernias?
Why are there dimples?
Why would you started your period before you are suppose while on the pill?
Why does my four year old lick his hands and wipe his eyes now he wants to wash his face frequently and his face is starting to dry out should you worry about this?
Why is your nipple itchy?
Why does boiling remove carbon dioxide from antacid mixture?
Why does Rubella cuases swollen lymph nodes?
Why is numbness a symptom of a stroke?
Why do boys and girls need more protein at about 15 years of age?
Why are you not getting your period?
Why does it take 24 hours to digest a lobster?
Why do you think the College of Physicians ordered the ceasing of all bell tolling in yellow fever?
Why do you choose UK to study medicine?
Why do drug addicts disappear for long periods of time?
Why is some blood dark red in colour and some bright red?
Why are more people right handed then left handed?
Why should not you take pills with cool water?
Why does your throat get thick phlem after taking speed?
Why do people worry so much about what others think?
Why does it take longer to ejaculate when drunk?
Why is paid home care important and what skills are needed to do the job?
Why do vesicle move around the cytoplasm?
Why does the owner of Shoppers in BCE Place downtown Toronto discriminate against many seniors?
Why cant glucose diffuse into cells when the extracellular concentration is higher than the intracellular concetration?
Why do you need bio fuels?
Why is tap water dangerous?
Why do you get red and hot ears?
Why do you fall asleep when feeling cold?
Why does blood come out when you got for a poop for male people aged 11 years old?
Why are ligaments able to stretch?
Why are my hands turning grey and numb?
Why would medicare deny 00810 for not medically necessary?
Why does dry skin peel by your fingernails?
Why was the civil war fought between 1861 and 1865?
Why would a person get sweaty after eating?
Why is it essential that blood flow upward in the body?
Why is breatsmilk prefrred for infants?
Why does a docter put a tube in to patient stomack to see why they are losing weight?
Why do cold sores or canker sores cause shooting pains into your head ear and chin?
Why do clod sores hurt?
Why is it important for hyiege in salons?
Why is your urine cloudy with pink sediment?
Why would your period be nine days late then come and last for only three days?
Why do people have albino eyes?
Why are my buttocks muscles continually sore?
Why do you think the British commander decided to retreat even though he had a larger army?
Why do your bodies need nutrients?
Why do ciggarettes influences kids?
Why do I get pale in the face after working out?
Why do you have lines on your hands?
Why do you get upper chest pains when youre stressed?
Why do your palms turn purple?
Why did sally kiss sonic in front of tails?
Why do you need salt?
Why dont you have any boobs you are sixteen?
Why do we hired you?
Why does the promoter position differ between prokaryotes and eukaryotes?
Why is life so frusrating?
Why do you have burning knee pain?
Why are hematocrit values higher in healthy males?
Why are people buck toothed?
Why is 277 ine voltage so dangerous?
Why is it important to maintain healthy kidneys?
Why is the reaction between an antigen and an antibody described as specific?
Why are your sin is guy?
Why does night sweating occur in tuberculosis?
Why are bad conductors used to make a thermometer?
Why does drinking hard alcohol to excess make a person blackout compared to drinking the same equivalent of beer subsequently being just intoxicated?
Why was alcohol popular in Victorian period and what caused the rise in alcoholism?
Why does your face get red when you excercise?
Why do humans need wheat to survive?
Why would you want to induce your labor?
Why do animals and humans poop?
Why do you have different cells and why?
Why are recreational drugs bad for your health?
Why is DNA a polymer?
Why is noodles bad for your health?
Why are little brothers and sisters so annoying?
Why is volleyball important?
Why does your jaw crack when you chew?
Why do teenagers eat so much junk food?
Why do you have a tenderness where the gallbladder is located?
Why does the addition of sodium chloride elicit an action potential?
Why does air move out of the lung during mouth to mouth resuscitaton?
Why do blood vessels pop?
Why are you interestedin volunteering?
Why is appearance important?
Why is it so had for you i try everything you know?
Why is it important focus on how working with people with dementia makes you feel?
Why is Honey better than sugar?
Why are antibiotics ineffective on viruses?
Why does one of my legs have the sensation of going to sleep while you are exercising?
Why is dermatitis a noncommunicable disease?
Why does my right arm feel heavy?
Why do carrots guard your health?
Why cant you have coffee with cream on the day before your colonoscopy?
Why are some amino acids called essentials?
Why do you have constant clicking in your neck between your shoulder blade and clavicle?
Why is your nose cold most of the time?
Why are melanomas rates higher in men compared to women?
Why do baby teeth have to be pulled?
Why do germs spread?
Why do people lift other people?
Why do high blood pressure pills cause arthritic pain?
Why do i have diarrhea and mucus in my stool after sex?
Why do pain medications in the form of powders tend to work faster than those in tablet form?
Why was The Black Death a terrible disease?
Why am I having spotting when I wipe 2 weeks after my period finished?
Why is measuring blood calcium levels not accurate?
Why do your muscles bones and joints ache?
Why is starch bad for you?
Why is it unsafe to stand in a canoe?
Why are penetrating trauma patients not defibrilated in prehospital paramedic care?
Why did the Russians call for then opening of a second fron in Europe?
Why does your child keep getting strep throat?
Why are you having thin bowel movements accompanied by diarehea?
Why do I have aHeadache after delivering my baby?
Why do the smallpox pustules break vertically?
Why is it dangerous to shake a baby?
Why did kelly bell get a boob job?
Why does cinnamon hurt when you swallow it?
Why is thymin complementary to adeninine?
Why does my lower tummy hurt when i pee?
Why are they called homeless?
Why are your dogs legs red and swollen?
Why is it important for the planet that the process of respiration and photosynthesis stay in balance?
Why is the Tulip a symbol for Parkinsons Disease?
Why is hemoglobin needed?
Why would a doctor give you doxycycline?
Why would ones back all of a sudden start popping up and down the spine on its own and is this harmful after a while?
Why was she called left eye?
Why are measure of variability essential to inferential statistics?
Why does dehydration synthesis occur?
Why do human brains remember only some things?
Why has my breast been tender for two days?
Why does your kx 85 bogg down when throttled hard?
Why is it so hard to quit smoking?
Why do you have to poo the second you eat something?
Why are Radiologist important in the health care field?
Why is the first sperm that reaches the egg unlikely to be the sperm that enters and joins with it?
Why did you choose nursing as your profession?
Why do you get sick when your body has no rest?
Why is Dreft soap good for foot ulcers?
Why are people for drug testing?
Why is there semen in your urine?
Why is it healthier to take you time eating?
Why do you fall asleep in passenger seat?
Why would and injury to the bone recover faster than a muscle injury?
Why does my skin feel like needles sticking in it?
Why is there pain a sharp pain under your belly button?
Why cant mitosis create egg and sperm cells?
Why are plants given medications?
Why should active range of motion be assessed before passive range of motion?
Why is violence positive?
Why do people depend on drinking alcohol?
Why are some infectuos diseases resurging?
Why is everyones heart rate different?
Why should children not be disciplined?
Why does your stomach bloat from drinking water?
Why do you feel guilty when you get what you want?
Why are you repeating your words over and over?
Why did my orgasms decrease in intensity by 75?
Why does your voice change?
Why does organic contains carbon?
Why do healthy food look boring?
Why are teenagers obsessed with video games?
Why do your cloths smell after you wash them?
Why do the right hands shake while writing?
Why is reusing polyethlene terphthalate to create fleece good?
Why are drugs associated with rock and roll?
Why do women grow MAN hair?
Why do like to work in the medical field?
Why do I Cough up green?
Why does your right nostril bleed in the mornings?
Why can you not survive without water?
Why does the flu start in Asia?
Why do doctors wear special clothing?
Why does diapers effect landfills?
Why is a little sodium citrate usually added to blood which has been give by a donor?
Why do teenagers fall in drugs?
Why does Down syndrome occur?
Why does your hair stand on end when you eat chocolate?
Why do people get drug screenings?
Why can you feel a heart beat at the bottom of your belly?
Why is euthanasia a good thing?
Why do people sink in water?
Why was the polio vaccine popular?
Why do people act different when they take drugs?
Why did you cry?
Why is nuclear power harmful?
Why do some people throw up after tongue kissing?
Why do some people poke their tongue out when concentrating?
Why is cannabis abused?
Why do you have tiny red dots with burning on your tongue?
Why do you see stars when you hit your head?
Why is your period bright red and blood clot like?
Why is related literature important in a research?
Why do you have dreams if you eat late at night?
Why can you see and feel a heartbeat in your stomach?
Why do people do this like something still do something in order to do something like something to do to another thing that will give something food or poop so it will live or die?
Why are grains good for us?
Why are male heartbeats less than that of a female?
Why did all the plants germinate when there was only place for there plants?
Why does my brother keep throwing up?
Why is surgery dangerous?
Why does my brother keep puking?
Why do your sinuses get congested when you drink alcohol?
Why does brass burn?
Why does caffeine make you hyper?
Why has your prolonged distended abdomen caused a left winging scapular and long thoracic nerve palsy and tachycardia?
Why does your 4 year son old hump stuffed animals?
Why is it important for healthcare professionls to understand the basic dempgraphics of the populations being served?
Why do you need cardiovascular endurance in football?
Why arent mobile phones danagous?
Why do you have to drink bottled water in three days once open if its been filtering for thousands of years?
Why is malaria a global killer?
Why does your body not produce blood?
Why do people do not go to the hospitals?
Why are histamine antagonist recommended for Hiatal hernia?
Why does bacteria make people sick?
Why does the government allow coal fired plants if they produce so much smog?
Why is lead toxic?
Why does are body need nutrients?
Why should you vaccinate?
Why do ears plug up when speaking?
Why are technical skills important for pediatricians?
Why are taproots used as food more than fibrous roots?
Why do girls like their vaginas rubbed?
Why does my Lungs twitch with pain?
Why did fast food come out?
Why do diseases involving widespread infection usually result in a fever?
Why cant cell phones be used in hospitals?
Why are sickle cells important?
Why do i have a painful bump on my upper back?
Why do you not feel upside down when you are standing on Antarctica?
Why do you have rapid thoughts?
Why are tacos a healty food?
Why would a hormone level test come back inconclusive for rubella?
Why is water better for you then Gatorade?
Why is it necessary to close the opening of a puncture wound in the chest?
Why does your upper chest tear when you puff out your chest?
Why is the cardiovascular system important to all other organ systems?
Why do you eat vegetables?
Why is the stomach tilted?
Why does your daughter pick the dry skin on her feet?
Why is it fatal when large proportion of skin of a person is burnt?
Why is a legend drug called a legend drug?
Why do you faint after eating hot food?
Why do you vomit bile no matter what you eat?
Why do most teens get pregnant at a early age?
Why is Genoside still happening today?
Why does your blood pressure rise from sitting to standing?
Why do you get addiction to laptop or computer?
Why do they put trans fats into foods?
Why does Eli have a big nose?
Why should you remove bee stingers quickly?
Why does your breath smell worse after brushing?
Why is CO2 added to soft water?
Why are your breasts sore and producing little amounts of milk?
Why do you have a brown mark on your underwear?
Why did malcolms mom go in a mental hospital?
Why does some form of precipitation form at the boundary of two fronts?
Why is communication so important?
Why do women cry more often than men?
Why would you need to see a perinatologist?
Why am I getting wrinkles on my fingertips without having soaked them in water?
Why is elis nose big?
Why is it clinically important that uteri tubes connect to peritoneum directly?
Why do we do haemogram in fracture case?
Why do you have sudden stinging pain anywhere in your body?
Why do you have patchy skin?
Why do I take off my pyjamas in my sleep?
Why do the instructions on hair removal wax say not to use it on moles?
Why am I getting muscle spasms in my head and arms?
Why is codeine abused?
Why is Communication Very Important in a Care Setting?
Why does spicy food make you sweat?
Why does it hurt to have sex while 6 months pregnant?
Why is it possible to live with just one kidney?
Why does your basement smell so bad like sewer?
Why does organic food cost more?
Why are there blood clots during menstruation?
Why does this older lady wear gloves on her hands to the store?
Why do you need geneticists?
Why are you having trouble holding in urine?
Why are ants attracted by your urine?
Why do teenagers take drugs?
Why do teenagers take drugs?
Why is precipitate important to administration of medications?
Why is recycling a world wide concern?
Why is recycling such a concern?
Why do a lot of drug addicts buy sugar?
Why cant we digest dietary fiber?
Why does fluorescent light cause migraines?
Why do some of the ends of your fingernails point up as they grow?
Why do teenagers do drugs?
Why is one arm or leg longer than the other and one hand have bigger fingers than the other?
Why does blood not clot inside the body?
Why do people wheeze when they have asthma?
Why is it important to refrigerate some medications?
Why are animals required in testing drugs?
Why do people havesweet tooth?
Why is the gallbladder important to us?
Why does a persons heart rate increase during some activities and decrease during others?
Why is there a vertical line from from the base of a thumbnail to the free edge causing the nail to split at the free edge?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain more dangerous than trauma to the frontal lobes?
Why does the body produce so much saliva?
Why doesnt you hair hurt when you cut it?
Why is wee man in hospital?
Why is automobile exhaust a concern?
Why is egg important to different people?
Why do you sweat when you nap?
Why do you think people start using drugs?
Why do people start abusing substances?
Why is it important to remove clot from serum?
Why does your head swell up so much when you get hit?
Why should intructions be written clearly?
Why can you not raise legs of one side when our other leg and hand is pressed against wall?
Why are lower microbial counts obtained from macconkey agar compare with nutreint agar bean sprouts?
Why is there fluid with the cartilage?
Why is this?
Why do you get off balance?
Why were statues not allowed in Islam?
Why does tobaco kill men faster then wemon?
Why are wisonson fast plants so special?
Why is monerating your salt intake healthy?
Why is it 2 to 3 years to get a nursing diploma at a hospital if your prerequisites are done?
Why do you have bowel movements after eating?
Why do I crave so much sugar?
Why do you gain weight when you quit drugs?
Why is the spleen not mentioned as part of the digestive system?
Why are males and females born in roughly equal number?
Why are you bleeding on the inside of your head after having a head injury two weeks ago?
Why does my upper abdomen feel hard?
Why do you need so much blood?
Why did the US call agent orange agent orange?
Why is mistletoe becoming rare?
Why are Japanese Americans unhealthy?
Why is toxic shock sydrome so deadly?
Why is it called a stomach?
Why is my Left arm weak heavy tingly numb cold?
Why is my penis not erect?
Why do your bowel movements look like little balls?
Why is cocoa cola bad for your teeth?
Why is cardiac revovery time lower in a finely tuned athlete than in a physically unfit person?
Why did you smoke?
Why does milk come out of your nose when you Laugh?
Why do people go to the boysgirls club?
Why do people associate blue with sad?
Why doesnt blood run to the feet while standing?
Why does dish liquid have phosphorus?
Why does my periods blood has black spots and red?
Why do you have eye color?
Why is local anaesthetic with adrenaline rarely used in the foot?
Why does my feet and legs swell?
Why are copd and antitrypsin defienciency closely related?
Why is computer introduced in the health center?
Why does your leg or arm just suddenly throb for a few seconds then stop?
Why are LH and FSH levels elevated in menopausal females?
Why would you be about two weeks late last month and late this month with pains on the side of your stomach?
Why would you like to work as a Patient Accout Representative?
Why is pneumonia more common in the older client?
Why do people get picked up?
Why do your hands turn purple?
Why are histamine antagonists recommended for GERD?
Why do you get heart palpitations when you get upset?
Why do tortises eat poop?
Why is the enzyme pepsin stored in the in active form?
Why is it necessary for the diaphragm to form a tight seal between the thoracic and abdominal cavities?
Why is Shampoo healthy for hair?
Why do your breasts randomly hurt?
Why would a Small boy have sore nipples?
Why do humans have irises?
Why have i got Painful breasts and spot bleeding after a period?
Why island were choosen to capture slaves?
Why do girls enjoy hurting other girls?
Why did Edith Piaf take drugs?
Why do the poorer countries get the bubonic plague?
Why is cottton good for sports wear?
Why is mad cow disease an unusual way of causing a disease?
Why is it important to wash bacteria sample after it has been dyed?
Why are calcitonin sprays used to treat osteoporosis?
Why do you giggled whenever you tickled?
Why did they want a food pyramid?
Why does top of head hurt when touched?
Why is diabetes so common in the US?
Why is ammonia poisonous?
Why are vegetables and fruits good for you?
Why are blue tang fish called surgeon fish?
Why does the letter need to be certified?
Why does your period last for nine days of bleeding?
Why did you start your menstrual cycle 2 weeks early?
Why dont people like mice?
Why are kids scared of having sugery?
Why would Crospovidone be an ingredient in vitamins and would it have any effect on people taking Coumadin?
Why is water so important to the human body?
Why does a man faints?
Why was Hippocrates famous?
Why is Low semen volume important?
Why do humans have a skeleton?
Why would I have sharp pains in my lower left abdomen?
Why are the parts in the skeletal system important?
Why is it important that the wall of capilaries are so thin?
Why does cheese make you have nightmares if you eat it before you go to bed?
Why do you get burning filling in your throwt and what can you do to cure it?
Why do parents say no all the time?
Why do i have a burning feeling when you pee?
Why does urine smell like rotten eggs?
Why do cheap sunglasses harm your eyes?
Why do people were condoms?
Why are computures so smart?
Why do other countries have difrent launguges?
Why is black belt the highest rank?
Why did you want to play foot ball?
Why does one always see the lesser trained PA NP or DO in a clinic but not the MD?
Why did NZ become involved in World War 2?
Why does wind blowing over your skin make you feel colder?
Why did Ivan and lee kiss?
Why is nitrogen so important to humans?
Why is it important to know about less economically developed countrys?
Why is hair called hair?
Why are grapes good for the body?
Why is britney spears doing drugs?
Why do you have green poo?
Why are doctors not allowed to advertise freely?
Why did Mississippi spend 15 which is 20 of the state income on the artificial arms and legs?
Why are saturated fats bad for you?
Why does your lip swell when you get hit?
Why is one side of face infection?
Why does butt smell so bad?
Why is your hands soft after you use a lawnmower?
Why am I stuck with seeing a lessly trained DO and not an MD or NP in my clinic visit?
Why are you bleeding while taking birth control pills?
Why do you still need to use denture glue even after an alignment?
Why is a disease like osteoarthritis not considered an infectious disease?
Why does acid rain effect Sweden and Norway?
Why does everyone think boogers are yucky?
Why do you get a charlie horse in your thorax?
Why do you get pins and needles in your right leg whilst sleeping and pain during sex have had pinched nerve years ago miraculously disappeared?
Why are you spotting brown 20 days before your depo shot is due?
Why is insulin produced?
Why is heart disease more common in industrialised countries?
Why do i feel like i have to pee every 10 minutes?
Why is littering bad for the environment?
Why are nipples sore and period is not on?
Why do you feel more depressed or lethargic when low air pressure systems move through your area?
Why would somebodys taste buds suddenly change?
Why is it important to safeguard the welfare of the individual?
Why is the skin on top of your head sinking in?
Why do people drool when they smell something and they are hungry?
Why can tumours be hard to detect?
Why do you want to go into medicine?
Why are some medicines put in capsules instead of pill form?
Why are male and female pelvices different?
Why does your skin crawl when you see something nasty like the fake infected breat picture circulating on the web right now?
Why do my ovaries hurt all the time I have been to the doctors so many times for this I have no cysts or anything im tired of constantly going to the doc whem he cant tell me anything?
Why is dehydration a common and serious fluid imbalance in an individual?
Why do I have cramps in my abdomen after sex?
Why is there a Physical reaction when you lie?
Why does sprinting use anaerobic respiration?
Why are lamp posts gay?
Why do some people never have bowel movements?
Why do more native Americans have diabetes than any other ethnicity?
Why do advertisements use the bandwagon?
Why did Alexander Fleming call the first anitibiotic penicillin?
Why do your legs ache when you have a cold?
Why is my mum shaking her head whilst sitting?
Why can you verify your email on wikkianswers?
Why might people become skinny?
Why do ligaments help you move?
Why was the toaster smoking?
Why do you have one long finger?
Why do people become vegatran?
Why have you chosen the development sector for a career?
Why do you get severe leg cramps when taking the medication pro vigil?
Why do you feel warmer after you pee?
Why cant humans use ocean water directly for their drinking water?
Why do gums get inflammed even when you brush and floss every day?
Why do people look weird?
Why does the egg split after fertilization?
Why do your legs feel heavy?
Why have i got my peroids when i am on the contraceptive pill and not taking the sugar tablets?
Why is it difficult for some men to ejaculate?
Why did the vitamin supplement i took did not get digested during bowel movement?
Why has vaccination been successful against some diseases and not others?
Why do lillipops taste good?
Why do soap bars leave residue in your shower?
Why do you want to become a respiratory tharapist?
Why should euthanasia be illegal?
Why is pneumonia harmful to humans?
Why is the hand writing of a doctor very bad?
Why is the cerebellum called little brain?
Why do i have a sodium ring around my eye?
Why is phosphate important to humans?
Why is have nails poblem?
Why do you need your 5 a day?
Why is ultima 120 the medicine taken?
Why are you cold at work and everyone else is okay?
Why is atherosclerosis especially serious when it developes in the coronary arteies?
Why do people live in the Amazon rainforest?
Why is vitamin A needed?
Why do you have to think?
Why does rubbing your butt feel good sometimes?
Why do you have DNA?
Why is it not uncommon for drug users to take an overdose?
Why are fats important for you?
Why is vomiting a reflex action?
Why are deep wounds more likely than surface breaks in the skin lead to lethal infections?
Why do people want fair trade to happen?
Why was the Data protection act introduced?
Why would I have a bulging area below my left breast after wearing a tight bra?
Why is there no cure to cancer they should of found one by now they spend billions of dolars on it and still 9 of your family members and even your cat died from it?
Why is there no cure to cancer they should of fond one by now they spend billions of dolars on it and still 9 of m y family members and even m y cat died from it?
Why can you sleep better during the day then at night?
Why do only use 10 of brain power?
Why does the tip of your nose itch?
Why do humans have eyelashes?
Why is the muscle cell important in the body?
Why do your legs suddenly lock?
Why do your legs weep if i have no ulcers?
Why do want to be a nurse practioner?
Why do you cough up phlem and have flatulence at the same time?
Why do you need to go to the toliet?
Why does coke cause cavities?
Why does your stomach make beeping noises?
Why do nerves in the body jump?
Why do you always fall asleep zZ?
Why are you influenced by the perception of body image?
Why is it important to know how to find your pulse?
Why would dawn of the dead be scary for pregnant people Whats the zombie birth scene?
Why should people with infectious diseases be segreated?
Why is plasma important to the body?
Why do you have belly bottons?
Why can you feel your nose cartilage moving about when you walk?
Why do people take medication?
Why is it important you read a persons care plain before assisting with self medication?
Why is water essential to health maintenace?
Why is your bellybutton popping out?
Why does one crave and need a drink of water when emotionally distressed?
Why is Milton such a boring and sad name?
Why is it important to time a seizure?
Why does the digestive system have so many structures?
Why is PE important?
Why do tattooed persons cannot give blood?
Why does your nose get stuffed while eating?
Why is the esophagus important?
Why would you have a one day period?
Why does your brain power increase when taking magic mushrooms?
Why do people have asthma?
Why do you have a ear?
Why did god make boobs?
Why do people have eating exerise problems?
Why does your body use anaerobic respiration?
Why do some people get sunburned more easily than others?
Why is your skin wrinkled after you take a bath or shower?
Why do some females love to eat semen?
Why does the straps of a bra curl?
Why is the oocyte so large?
Why are people alergic?
Why is hinge an appropriate name for the joints at the knees and elbow?
Why should you eat not moldy bread?
Why do girl hamsters have periods?
Why does urine not become more acidic after drinking cranberry juice?
Why are shoes important?
Why do you puke black after drinking alcohol?
Why do twin newborn babies have a higher chance of getting Shaken Baby Syndrome that single infants?
Why are care values important?
Why should a 15 year old cheerleader weigh between 95 pounds and 115 pounds?
Why is iodine used for making medication?
Why do you want to work in a hospital?
Why is video game rating a topic?
Why do urinary tract infections sometimes cause delirium?
Why do some wounds leave permanent scars while others heal completely?
Why do hospital theatre shoes have to be antistatic?
Why is a gorilla important?
Why does a car heat up fast when you turn on the ac?
Why is the MCL a common injury?
Why might it be so low?
Why do your toenails fall off and another nail is underneath?
Why do teens smoke do drugs or drink?
Why is Euthanasia illegal in Malaysia?
Why is your palms a different color from your skin?
Why is my tongue brown?
Why does your stomach get hard when your boyfriend ejaculates in you?
Why do i like ice cream so much?
Why do you need one nose?
Why is picking your nose so bad?
Why is people dying from cardiovascular health?
Why are most fibroids showing in African American women?
Why do wrist watches stop on certain people?
Why does a Young childhave discomfort when passing a bowel movement?
Why is there a knot under right knee?
Why do continents rise and basins dont?
Why does it take so long for your boyfriend to ejaculate?
Why do you have the sensation of ice cold water being pored over your head and then blackout and pass out just drop?
Why does the heart beat faster during sleep?
Why is the Tennessee river dirty?
Why is hydration important?
Why is it important for red blood cells and liquid part of blood to be isotonic?
Why do you have to learn latin to become a medical doctor?
Why do your 10 yr old daughters outer ears turn red and get extremely hot and painful?
Why do eyes have blind spots?
Why did you leave your last job?
Why do your legs always feel so heavy?
Why is the Cougar being endangered?
Why do you turn cold when you die?
Why is water so prescious?
Why is only one of my eyes tearing?
Why is coal not enviromentally friendly?
Why was the semen black after a few days?
Why do you stain your pillow?
Why is the number of elements in the periodic table not fixed?
Why do people dig their nose?
Why does a young 18yr old healthy man die by just going to a 21st birthday party when he wasnt even a drinker although he had a lot to drink that night just a normal 18yr old man?
Why do you feel pain in your rectum?
Why did you get your period 15days after your last period?
Why do you have one foot bigger than the other?
Why do you get your period twice in one month?
Why does the moong dal sprout only when soaked over night?
Why is lime water needed to produce carbon dioxide?
Why should Viagra not be taken as a solid food?
Why am i spotting if i am on the contraceptive pill?
Why do you breathe in order to live?
Why does your boyfriend always pee after sex?
Why is your child arm irrirating her?
Why do you get buffalo humps?
Why does a person vomit after drinking cold fluids on an empty stomach?
Why do identical twins have different finger prints?
Why is some fart silent?
Why do children enjoy watching porn?
Why can you live without a spleen?
Why is mitosis known as asexual reproduction?
Why does a person get foamy phleghm when eating sweets?
Why do you constantly crack your neck?
Why is your heart called an organ than a tissue?
Why would someone bleed to death quicker from a severed artery than one that has been torn or cut?
Why do you people drink beer?
Why should driving be avoided whilst taking anticholinergic medications?
Why do gasoline pumps display labels warning against smoking while pumping gas?
Why does water usually put out fire?
Why does the job of a radiologist tech exist?
Why are aneurysms dangerous?
Why is the aorta the largest?
Why are you shivering uncontrollably?
Why is hunger a world issue?
Why is my urine white?
Why are algae important to the environment?
Why does your armsand hands tingle?
Why do some girls have facial hair?
Why is it important to eat?
Why do viruses only attack specific areas of the body?
Why do gangs adopt colors?
Why is parts of my mustache falling out im 21 and its always been full but now there is a gap on the left side where hair is missing and it basically divides my mustache into two whats wrong with me?
Why is it that hand foot mouth decease is contagous?
Why is the human brain special?
Why do people eat drugs?
Why did the olympicsn start?
Why did they invent toilet paper?
Why would need post acute care?
Why do your feet and hands wrinkle when you are in water a long time?
Why do you have plastic surgery?
Why do all your eyelashes fall out?
Why does your budgie raise one leg?
Why do your two guinea pigs purr and follow each other a lot?
Why does your left arm go numb at night?
Why does your lower abdomen feel like there is bubbles popping?
Why do girls hide their breasts?
Why do you bleed all the time not just every now and then usually you have to go to the hospital and get blood what causes you to bleed this way I am a straight male?
Why is the mitral P shows in lead II?
Why does my right shoulder hurt when I stand or sit?
Why is an athelete given glucose after race?
Why is your skin different colors?
Why are some people immune to RSV?
Why does your leg feel heavy and your ankle area has numbness?
Why would your right thumb feel cold and not any other finger?
Why is CHCl3 a polar molecule?
Why do your fingers pop?
Why were drugs used in Vietnam by the soldiers?
Why do sunburns peel?
Why do splints help?
Why does the stomach need the heart?
Why is the arachnoid membrane the site for a lumbar puncture?
Why do you have lots of gas?
Why does my heart rate increase when i am nervous?
Why is my vagina lip is swollen and I have not been sexually active for about a month?
Why do you have to eat?
Why are strawberries a nutritous snack?
Why does Salmonella typhimurium cause food poisoning?
Why does your dietary supplement conatin tea tree oil if it is poisonous?
Why is drug abuse a problem?
Why do guys enjoy it when you swallow their ejaculate?
Why would your tongue swell in the middle of the night no new foods?
Why do you think like you do?
Why are black men more sensitive to cold temperatures than white men?
Why does your urine smell like the food you eat?
Why is glycerin put in taffy?
Why do you feel lightheaded when you stand up?
Why do knees ache after drinking beer?
Why are cigaretts so bad for you?
Why does it feel good to get your temples massaged?
Why do you wake up with numb fingers?
Why is the top of a babies head so soft?
Why does the pig thymus gland shrink?
Why were illegal drugs invented?
Why does the vaginal area burn does this mean your effaced?
Why do you smell like rotten vegetables?
Why do you eat bread?
Why does flesh rot?
Why is mold unhealthy?
Why were drugs invented?
Why do you catch cold so frequently?
Why do i get dizzy around my period sometimes?
Why is villi not necessary in the colon?
Why has a small portion of inner skin appeared at bottom of navel piercing?
Why are peoples lives different?
Why do space programs hospitals and the food industry create controlled environments and control microorganisms?
Why does the body crave cornstarch?
Why is the northeast region US so important?
Why do boys have a Adams apple?
Why do you cough after cleaning out your ears?
Why cant you use a contact lens that has dried out?
Why have I got twinges in my lower back?
Why did you never make a video of the reach record i love that one?
Why would my ears ring and clog after waking?
Why did the europeans want to explore the Americas?
Why was the spleen not mentioned as part of the digestive system?
Why do i get aching in lower back after alcohol?
Why would anyone euthanise another?
Why is sniffing glue so addictive?
Why did your lower stomach hurt with sharp pains while having sex?
Why is smoking a risk factor in gastrectomy?
Why is there a sense of taste at the first bite and not the rest?
Why would i have a headache for over 3 days?
Why does garlic make your breath smell?
Why would a person transpose letters much more often than ever before?
Why would a person transpose letters much more often than ever before while typing?
Why do people depend on the health of the Brazilian rain forests?
Why are you sensitive to cold drafts or sitting under fans?
Why is your belly round?
Why do occupational therapist assistants make more money than physical therapist assistants?
Why is it helpful to study the external and internal structure of the rat?
Why have you been spotting for 7 days off and on then on day 8 started lightly bleeding?
Why do children need carbohydrates?
Why do the endocrine and nervous systems need to send messages?
Why is fibre good for a diabetic?
Why does your back hurt when you sleep for too long?
Why is Fluoridation used?
Why is unreasonable search and seizure forbidden?
Why is male urine propelled out instead of only dripping out Is the propellig mechanism related to semen ejaculate?
Why does your upper lip keep sweating?
Why is cholesterol important for the body?
Why does the skin on your body get sore when there is metal in it?
Why does the small intestines have to be so long for a human?
Why do people have outie navels?
Why are school lunches bad?
Why havent you applied for frasier health hospital yet?
Why is the kidney important to the circulatory system?
Why does plastic take a long time to decompose?
Why is smoking banned in resturants?
Why does the dosage of oral drugs differ to that of intravenous?
Why do you have a headache after you exercise?
Why is the breathing rate different between males and females?
Why does your left arm ache like cramp?
Why does my nipples feel like someone bit you there?
Why are sunburns always hot to the touch?
Why do men have erections while they sleep?
Why is food and drink imoprtant?
Why does mold grow on bathroom tiles?
Why is cotton good for you?
Why would your whole body swell?
Why is skin cancer dangerous?
Why did rubbing alcohol makes your legs peel?
Why is it important to urinate?
Why do pimples hurt?
Why dont worms carry diseases?
Why do Asians stay slim?
Why are girls fitter than boys?
Why do governors want us to have our 5 a day?
Why do dry clothes smell when you sweat?
Why are you not exactly like your parents from their zygote?
Why do the docter prescribed provera pill?
Why is it more comfortable for me to sleep on the couch instead of my bed?
Why do my boobs have a metallic taste?
Why is the earth so cold in the morning?
Why should you build petroleum and use it to generate electricity instead of some other source?
Why is my fingers numb?
Why is too much of a good food a bad thing?
Why is uranium bad for humans and potassium not?
Why does your bird have lice?
Why is breathing rate of males different from females?
Why would your back pains come upon awakening more so than at the end of the day?
Why is the greenhouse effect important to sustain life on earth?
Why would you put on weight so suddenly and quickly?
Why have the Jews mothers surnames?
Why do not use cell phone while driving?
Why is it necessary to perform a spore stain when you can see the presence of spores in simple stained cells?
Why does blood group different from person to person?
Why is HIV a preventable disease?
Why are you craving protein?
Why is your urine darker when you get up in the morning?
Why should be checked regularly?
Why does the science is important?
Why do boys generally grow taller than girls?
Why do the Japanese people live longer?
Why does the human body need to be maintained at 37C?
Why do you have shooting pains down your arms?
Why are your feet always cold?
Why would one appendix be on the lower quadrant?
Why is sex important for natural selection?
Why do your ear pop?
Why does your vaginal area become swollen and sore after having sex a couple of days after your cycle?
Why are reflex actions safe for your body?
Why is it important to give different heath examination?
Why is it important to give different health examination?
Why do fat only go to your belly but not your butt?
Why is my tongue yellow in the morning?
Why is your blood dark?
Why does are blood need oxygen?
Why do extra lumbar vertebra cause pain?
Why do you crave salt?
Why does the penis become erect?
Why is it important for health educators to understand prejudice?
Why do i wake up at different time s but i sleep at the same time?
Why do vampiers not eat many humans?
Why is that?
Why do scars never go away?
Why do oxygen tanks have an expiration date?
Why do I have a cyst burst on my ovary every month?
Why cant you feel like other people?
Why do you smell amonia?
Why does belly button lint not match your shirt color?
Why do your hands tingle when you take your seroquel?
Why do some people look young yet they are old ages?
Why do you still have periods after a hysterectomy?
Why do you suffer from white hairs in early age?
Why is mime important in drama?
Why is cesearan painfull in winter?
Why are boys not allowed to wear girls clothes in public?
Why do you crave dairy foods?
Why do I have bloating and constipation after a stomach virus?
Why doe it smell after you have sex?
Why dont you go your self?
Why does my child crack teeth at night?
Why does your child crack his teeth at night?
Why do my layers flick out at the ends?
Why is the knee joint so vulnerable to injury?
Why do the quinines need to pick up two protons when they are reduced by accepting two electrons?
Why cant your palms tan?
Why is warmth important?
Why is ringworm red?
Why do you need a good health?
Why does the muscles of the heart contracts?
Why is freon bad for you?
Why do you have long cycle?
Why does the risk of cancer increase as you get older?
Why did my blood vessel burst in my foot?
Why do man have deeper voice then woman?
Why did I get an intramuscular haematoma after a Diclofenac injection?
Why do you start taking the pill on the first day of your period?
Why do you see a shadow?
Why do you heave when you laugh?
Why do a woman have mutiple periods a month?
Why do you cry when you get angry?
Why is it necessary to check the pH of swimming pools?
Why is watching people on drugs so fun?
Why is it important to become well groomed?
Why are you bleeding when your period stopped a week ago?
Why do I cough violently when in an air conditioned room?
Why do i have a sharp pain in my left flank?
Why do girls sweat under their arms?
Why does hair grow under your arms?
Why does your stomachache feel better when you apply pressure to the stomach?
Why is acetic acid an effective first aid measure?
Why was the southern cross chosen?
Why does are food need to be digested?
Why does the respiratory system work with the cardiovascular system?
Why is your period nearly three months late?
Why do people get single random hairs on their neck and jawline?
Why do you want to lose your virginity?
Why should anyone take two pills a day for two weeks?
Why do knuckles make sound?
Why does hot milk put you to sleep?
Why do hospitals them charge for blood?
Why is my liver stressed and the doctor is sending me for a ultrasound of my abdomen and pelvis what are they looking for?
Why is wound healing delayed without macrophages?
Why do red blood cells shirvel when in salt water?
Why would people not use flood prevention systems?
Why can you get a tummy ache after eating?
Why do you get stomach cramps after unprotected sex?
Why does the brain remember negative prospects rather than positive ones?
Why do patients with pheochromocytoma have facial pallor?
Why is my semen cold?
Why does surgeons irrigate a surgical wound from which a tumor has been removed with sterile distilled water rather than with sterile isotonic saline?
Why does 6 week ultrasound not reveal?
Why is psychiatry related to psychology?
Why should i not wax ringworm?
Why is the area around your sphincter dark?
Why do hair and nails grow?
Why is the study of biology relevant?
Why does your brain need to be kept hydrated?
Why cant antibiotics kill viruses?
Why do you have to eat every 2 hours?
Why is it important to check toilet and washing areas in a nursery?
Why did my vagina get wet when a gay man kissed me?
Why do I always have to go to the bathroom?
Why is britney spears on drugs?
Why would your clean air machine with a ionizer look like it has black dirt all over it you have used it for 2 weeks?
Why do you get books?
Why did my Period came early?
Why is iron good for your body?
Why do you feel high when you have not smoked anything?
Why is the nose important?
Why does my eye make a twitching movement?
Why do you burp when you press any area in your body that is paining?
Why should an ulcer sufferer avoid milk?
Why are married black couples most likely to be abused by their former or current spouses then white couples?
Why are married black couples most likely to be abused by their former or current spouses then white couples?
Why would doctor order ct cholangiogram after colonoscopy?
Why is the leg twisted?
Why does Tip of little finger on right hand tingle?
Why are periods sometimes heavier than usual?
Why are you tiered?
Why are you coiling the catheter?
Why is it Asia is rich in natural resources?
Why do you have dry orgasms?
Why is there a wall between the left right sides of your heart?
Why do men get erections in front of adults?
Why are you interested in this senior care position?
Why is alcohol bad for your health?
Why does your son still pee the bed and he is 5?
Why is your backbone not straight?
Why was my period always 27 days and this month it was only 21?
Why does it hurt after you urinate?
Why is a strong chemical type of a smell coming from my new window air conditioner for home use is the smell harmful?
Why do want to be a nurse?
Why does it mean to have scabs on your sides?
Why do you get sick when you have food poisoning?
Why is it efficent to recycle?
Why do people react in different ways when they are scared?
Why would amylase not produce the desired effects if it was added to gelatine?
Why would you have green stools and diarrhea five days after having a colonoscopy?
Why are drugs illegal anywhere?
Why would you sneeze more often at work?
Why do your eyes change color when you cry?
Why is your cervix closed?
Why do you have congealed blood in your nose?
Why do i get abdominal cramping 10 days after my intrauterine insemination?
Why should people smoke?
Why do people go hungry?
Why do you gag for no reason?
Why do women have a lesser chance of devoloping cardiovascular discease?
Why is it important to eat nutrient dense foods rather than energy dense foods?
Why do some people get scared from water?
Why do your heels crack?
Why has your body odour changed?
Why do you burp after you have pop?
Why does any light be it sun or artificial hurt my eye when its dark its ok a soon as its bright my eye ball hurts as if its being squeesed?
Why do you get cramps when you eat then get into a pool?
Why are your wrist and hands painfully swelling?
Why should you use a potty?
Why are some people ticklish?
Why is only albumin decreased in protein energy malnutrition?
Why do women have two breasts?
Why are babys sick all of the time?
Why do i have stomache pains on my right side?
Why does one bleed from the rectum without passing feces?
Why would your left leg feel numb when no injury has occured?
Why does eating too spicy of a food cause ear pain?
Why do you get sick eating pork and red meat?
Why are platelets high with CVA?
Why can you taste soap?
Why do you need to study PE?
Why do your ears burn when you eat spicy food?
Why does too much water kill you?
Why is it bad to be in the water while mensruating?
Why is sunburn bad?
Why do you need oxygen to breathe?
Why do you pop out semen?
Why is your hair so stiff after flat ironing?
Why do you have black dots on your nose?
Why would a diastolic number read 174 so close to the systolic of 184?
Why do you hear a death rattle just before people die?
Why is the skin above and behind your left ear numb?
Why do you have problems breathing?
Why does the mirror misting up in a hot bath?
Why did Sir Edmund Hillary build hospitals in Tibet?
Why are some babies who are not premature born without nails?
Why is blood group AB the rarest?
Why is there blood at the end of the stool?
Why is watching a movie more impressive than reading a book?
Why do you have taste buds?
Why is your tongue bitter?
Why do i have Light bleeding and severe cramps during period?
Why is it sometimes hard to chew and swallow your food?
Why does my left leg and abdomen throb?
Why do we get swollen lymph nodes on the scalp?
Why are your nipples getting hard on and off?
Why was the act a big movement?
Why is there tissue in my bowel movement?
Why do you feel nervous allot especially by neck area?
Why does the position of nucleus in a cell vary?
Why do you pee a lot at night?
Why does the Blood pressure drop in a myocardial infarction?
Why is it important to cut your fingernails?
Why is malaria more prevalent in the tropics?
Why is posture important to communication?
Why have your 3 year old black labs gums turned black?
Why does chlorine damage hair?
Why do you think it is important for scabs to form over cuts quickly?
Why do your eyes become red every day when you go out and come back from sun?
Why do women usually live longer than men?
Why is a doctor important to the environment?
Why do Brits say IN hospital instead of IN THE hospital and which is correct?
Why do you have white discharge from your breast?
Why do people have bellybuttons?
Why is prostate disease called an old man sickness?
Why are cost per output and cost per outcome calculations valuable to a human service agency?
Why should you take care of your reproductive organ?
Why do your knees jerk when something hits it?
Why do you sunburn in south Texas more than in las Vegas?
Why do diabetics have itching of the Genitals?
Why would you have no reflex in both Achilles tendons you have moderate to severe stenosis at c45 Also moderate central canal stenosis demonstrated at L34 you had fusion at L45 S1 10 months ago?
Why did your period stop the next day after it started?
Why does my nail bed peel away?
Why is your left eye watery and keeps draining?
Why do people believe that chris kelly died of an ailment?
Why do humans have to excrete stool?
Why does the hierarchy cannot be interchanged?
Why do you need mineral nutrient?
Why do you have white spots on your left tonsilities oftenly?
Why are there blood cells?
Why do you get the stares?
Why is there a heart rate?
Why does blood clot?
Why has a small hole appeared in your face?
Why do sprains take so long to heel in a diabetic?
Why is discontinuing Effexor XR suddenly not advised?
Why do you need health insuance why cant you all just pray?
Why am I bleeding from my anus?
Why is fibre optics is used in medicine?
Why do a men ejaculate?
Why is it that irresponsible discarding of batteries affects the human environment?
Why do glasses with holes help myopic people see properly?
Why should an adolescent female not have a sexual relationship with a male?
Why is choclate bad for you?
Why are pies bad for you?
Why is it a social custom to do female genital mutilation?
Why is your penus ten inch?
Why is Skin is peeling off on finger tips?
Why are fat people body temperature different?
Why do some people have trouble sleeping after have a few alcoholic drinks?
Why do you need to eat balanced meals?
Why do you need cardiovascular endurance?
Why do you need to be over the age of 18 to get a tattoo in some countries?
Why would your pulse jump in arm?
Why is your lower back always hot?
Why do youngsters carry guns?
Why does your neck hurts after you drink alcohol?
Why would she?
Why is the butt the cleanest part on the human body?
Why does salt make the body retain water?
Why is it sore to press on rt side of mid abdomen?
Why do you have a hole under your tongue?
Why does pulse gets faster?
Why does the thought of running depress you?
Why is beef dark?
Why do human have lips?
Why am i still putting on weight now that im taking levothyroxine?
Why is scientific research necessary?
Why is my child only throwing up phlegm?
Why is there blood spotting during ovulation?
Why do more males suffer from hemophelia?
Why does the skin near your vagina itch or peel?
Why is yawning infectious?
Why is immunization of children very important?
Why does a pharmacy need a DEA license?
Why is your stomache the size of a five month pregnant woman even though you have had a hysterectomy?
Why is ACTH elevated in Addisons disease?
Why would you want to remove your bellybutton?
Why would ambien and sudafed cause blood pressure to rise?
Why is it when sometimes you get up from walking you get dizzy?
Why is chewing gum stronger tasting when you first put it into your mouth?
Why does your guinea pighave a swollen butt?
Why is the infant with pneumonia kept on mpo?
Why does dead weight of a human being feel heavier than live weight of a human?
Why does your genitals itch?
Why is hair important to your skin?
Why do the urienn stinks by people with liver cancer?
Why does a shooting star usually not reach the earth?
Why is it better for children to grow up in the country side?
Why do people hiccups?
Why is it that people get so old then die?
Why is Tyler Genaly a boys name and why is Taylor Genaly a girls name?
Why do people go senile?
Why is the pressure in the left ventricle only 10 mm hg during diastole?
Why do I have the sudden desire to get fat?
Why would you want a pregnancy test?
Why does your head ache and you hear ringing in your head not ears?
Why do you have nominal aphasia after an ocular migraine?
Why are some people allergic to poison oak?
Why do your cramps get worse as you get older?
Why are my menstrual cramps worse now that I am older?
Why does irresponsible discarding of batteries adversely effects humans and the environment at large?
Why does your vison go bad?
Why does audrina patridge always look up?
Why might not wrestling be considered among the oldest sports in recorded history?
Why do you keep retching when stomach is empty?
Why does your entire body hurt?
Why is it dangerous to consume alcohol while taking anti histamine?
Why does your leopard gecko sleep all the time?
Why is depression often mistaken for dementia?
Why do people abuse seroquel?
Why does everything i eat taste bitter what is wrong with my taste bitter?
Why cant you hold your pee?
Why do you have excessive saliva?
Why do you need to take plavix?
Why is your brachia nerve painful and forth and fifth fingers tingly?
Why are nipples painful when pressed?
Why do cats hiccup?
Why are you being sick?
Why do nails stink after being filed?
Why is your pool water orange?
Why is the skeletal system important in maintaining oxygen in the body?
Why are you testing positive for opiates?
Why is puss green?
Why do I have recurrent shooting or stabbing pains in different locations?
Why is cardinal utility necessary for analysis of risk and insurance?
Why does your throat smell bad?
Why is yeast so important?
Why does your baby belch smelly gas?
Why does a dog have seizures?
Why is champagne served in a fluted glass?
Why are amoebas not harmful?
Why are snow leopards getting threatened?
Why do footballers need proteins?
Why do some peoples feet smell?
Why are viral infections hard to treat?
Why is hepatitis so prevalent in children?
Why does my dog poop 5 times a day?
Why does a woman ejaculate?
Why has my 3 year old son had broke out with little bumps all overhis body does anyone know what that may be?
Why are so many people in your family dying lately?
Why are my finger tips wrinkled without being in water?
Why are you having Sharp pain that comes and goes in your lower left abdomen?
Why does stomach feels heavy and aches?
Why are you been tested for catecholamine?
Why does your throat hurt have a headache ache?
Why do you have eye pressure and redness?
Why do you think you should use the health care process in your client?
Why do you like the smell of air conditioners That is the air coming out is it the freon?
Why do you have bloody cracks at the edge of my mouth?
Why do people have adhd and how did they get it And do you get adhd when you were a baby?
Why do sperm liquid flow out itself in a small quantity while watching adult movies?
Why cant you exercise after a tattoo?
Why does rectal bleeding occur when you sit down?
Why do cockatails lose their feathers?
Why do i have dots on your touge?
Why do you have pencil thin bowel movement?
Why can streptococci to tolerate oxygen in the absence of a catalase?
Why do people look fatter on tv or photographs?
Why would a hospital choose to use full cost pricing?
Why is the stomach more vulnerable to damage in a car accident?
Why would you check someones pulse?
Why does carbon dioxide diffuse from the blood into alveolar air?
Why does my neck feel slightly stiff at the front below Adams apple but no pain anywhere?
Why do you needs a food?
Why do women under 50 have heart attacks?
Why do you feel light headed at 20?
Why does papaya seeds cause dysentery?
Why do you need to watch the food you eat?
Why would you lose anything?
Why does your pelvis hurt during sex?
Why does semen clump in water?
Why is there pain in your left side and your ankles are swollen?
Why do you have a large stomach with osteoporosis?
Why is there pain in one finger down through the elbow?
Why do i have achy joints?
Why do I experience a stinging sensation every so often in the area of my prostrate and cowpers gland?
Why did you have your period on July 2 and then on July 12 again?
Why is smoking a risk to your health?
Why do you see stars or white light when you rub your eyes too hard?
Why do doctors need microscopes?
Why would a 50 year old grow an inch in height?
Why is your knee sore?
Why do you want to work at Huntsville Hospital?
Why is it important to drink on a hot day?
Why are isotops used after prostate operations?
Why do I have a bad odor during sexual intercourse?
Why do you urinate more when you drink water and not when you drink tea?
Why is the pulse weak in dengue hemorrhagic fever?
Why does the back of your head hurting?
Why is the collar bone the most common broken bone?
Why is my mind always blank?
Why do people eat yogurt after being ill?
Why do you keep shaking?
Why should the bread have no preservatives?
Why is the vessel named aorta?
Why is the hippocrattic oath important?
Why would a patient with pheochromocytoma sweat excessivelly and be constipated?
Why is an endospore called a resting structure?
Why are cold packs cold on skin?
Why are my tips of your fingers get numb while and after you eat only?
Why are the tips of your fingers numb while and after you eat?
Why does skin feel cool as body temperature rises?
Why are your wrists and fore arms itching?
Why would one keep bumping bruising the right side of body?
Why are my hands swollen in the morning?
Why does your left ribcage hurt when you breathe?
Why do you need to see a haematologist?
Why do humans need clean air to survive?
Why do you think I should hire you?
Why is it important to look at the time intervals of the different wavefroms in a eletrocardigram?
Why is your cm still wet at 4dpo and your cervix soft and mid way?
Why do i have Cold flashes?
Why do some people have long nipples?
Why can he not ejaculate?
Why do scientists use models in DNA?
Why do women cramp during their periods?
Why is the cortex of the brain gray matter?
Why is the cerebrum folded?
Why is agitation prevalant in clients with dementia?
Why do the Olympics games not allow drugs?
Why is consuming to many lipids bad for you?
Why is it important to have a good posture?
Why do people get their appendix taken out?
Why do arms and legs ache all the time?
Why is your circulation felt cut off when bending over?
Why would blood look black in test tube?
Why do kids right side of tummy hurt?
Why dose your uvula go to the left?
Why is important to eat sugars in moderation?
Why do you use detox pads every other day?
Why do men need more body fat?
Why does vein go up foot to 2 inches above ankle and stop there?
Why do people become physically challenged?
Why do people use chloroform?
Why do some people feel colder than others?
Why is my period not normal I been spoting twice in the last two months?
Why do people smoke cigarets?
Why does shots hurt?
Why are you still discharging and its been a month?
Why do you have pickle cravings so often?
Why is smoking additive?
Why do your belly buttons hurt when you press them?
Why do finger nails fall off?
Why have i not had my period for five months?
Why was RDA developed?
Why would poop come up through a sink?
Why is malaria called a parasite?
Why is cartilage important in the human body?
Why does my eye fall alseep?
Why are tears made of salt water?
Why do you purify DNA?
Why are blood donors needed?
Why can you not eat dairy after getting your tongue pierced?
Why do my testicales hang low?
Why does it take so long for the cold water to get cold?
Why do women get yest infections?
Why are you bleeding if you are on birth control and you are not sopposed to get your period in 2 weeks?
Why is the drug meath illegal?
Why is there brown spot on my finger it appeared over night?
Why will the right side of your face aches due to severe cold with nasal congestion?
Why do you get cramps breakthough spotting?
Why do finger and toe nails have no sense of pain?
Why do people wake up when die in nightmare?
Why have you got stomach ache?
Why do people drool at night?
Why does a vessel burst in finger or toe?
Why do you have pain on lower left abdomen during urination?
Why do have low platelets what causes it?
Why does it hurt when you get a shot in the arm one time and not another?
Why is riddex being discontinued?
Why does my eardrum vibrate spontaneously?
Why do fingernail trun brown?
Why is the father required to watch the birth of the child?
Why do you take an extra involuntary breath?
Why is chicken good for your bodies?
Why did you choose a career in Physiotherapy?
Why has a white bump stayed on my tongue for ten years?
Why do you get a soar throat when you sleep with a fan on?
Why do you have swoolen taste buds?
Why is your left inner arm twitching no pain?
Why is your side numb?
Why cant you stimulate your nipple during a contraction?
Why are you feeling disoriented when you walk or turn a certain way?
Why does Semen taste funny?
Why is sweating a good coolng mechanism for the body?
Why would your throat get very tight like you are going to throw up or gag but you are not sick and lying down helps for a while but it only goes away completely when you go to sleep?
Why do people take drugs at the Olympics?
Why do smokers have lowered respiratory efficiency?
Why is garden area in front of roosevelt hospital nyc considered hospital property?
Why are you a good fit for the health aide position?
Why does your butthole itch sometimes?
Why are people against mercy killing?
Why do you lose your eye sight?
Why are womens legs stronger than mens?
Why is this?
Why do you greet each other the sign of peace before you begin the Liturgy of Eucharist?
Why is nubain the common injection used for the acute treatment of migraines in the ER versus other opioids?
Why would you have a burning sensation in your throat?
Why does your water taste sweet?
Why would it not be?
Why does your 15 month old still only have 2 teeth?
Why does bad tteth link to organ disease?
Why do you burp when you swim?
Why is the thyroid gland important to surrounding structures?
Why are men with tuberculosis more prone to Addisons disease?
Why do fluorescent lights make you sick?
Why do you have a abscess in your on your earlobe?
Why would you get goose bumps when you sneeze?
Why is it that one person will feel hot while another person will feel cold at the same time?
Why is right lung apex tuberculosis common?
Why does a longer loop of henle result in ability to concentrate urine?
Why do baby ducks have seizures?
Why does alcohol consumtion cause swelling of the face?
Why would you have short light periods after been off BC pills for 6 months?
Why do you always get a wedgie when you were a swimsuit?
Why is there discharge from the incision in the perineum long after colostomy?
Why would the back left side of my head hurt for four days?
Why is it recommended that simvastatin be taken in the evening?
Why cant i go into jacuzzi after a steam bath?
Why do you have a soapy taste in your mouth?
Why does the body need temperature?
Why does your throat itch when you have a cough sometimes?
Why does your wife want to stay out late and party without you?
Why is glycosylated hemoglobin the most accurate diagnostic test for high glucose level?
Why do you have numbness in your upper right thigh?
Why does a mother and daughter use drugs together?
Why do woman have orgasims?
Why would your hair fall out?
Why do babies throw up their milk?
Why did daddy Yankee get shot?
Why is inverted sugar sweeter than sucrose?
Why do short men have megalomaniac personality disorder?
Why does fingering hurt?
Why is your pee gooey sometimes and other times just wet?
Why does your right arm and right leg swell with pain?
Why do you not eat dairy before the colonoscopy?
Why is semen alkaline?
Why would the ferritin level be raised in healthy male?
Why do you deficate black?
Why is penicillin important?
Why do your face turn red when its hot outside?
Why do Indians have skinny legs?
Why are some periods heavier one month and lighter the next month?
Why do people need organ replacements?
Why does your right arm go numb out of no where?
Why do you urinate blood when you have an erection?
Why do we get shy if someone saw our reproductive organs?
Why do mosquito bites form bumps?
Why are prohibited drugs a menace?
Why do you need first aid advantage and disadvantage of having a first aid box in the class?
Why do my hemmoroids bleed?
Why are these games called the Moder Summer Olympic Games?
Why are you asking?
Why are vital signs important?
Why do you cry when you laugh to hard?
Why do players use epo drug?
Why is bernie mac in the hospital?
Why do penicillin shots hurt?
Why do you get Hypothermia with measles?
Why am I defecating bricks?
Why do people have to get as must energy as possible and leisure time as they can?
Why are drugs banned in the olympic games?
Why do people prefer to live near the coast?
Why does someone need to be put onto a life machine?
Why do both your knees click when you bend them?
Why do people look at their tissue when they doo doo?
Why do we have dead skin on your elbows?
Why did the president lie about touching hes nose?
Why is it advisable to use normal saline solution as an emulsifier rather than water?
Why is there pain in the area of a migraine shot?
Why do the soles of your feet hurt when you get up in the morning?
Why do you choke when you eat and talk at the same time?
Why was Rosalind Franklin unable to separate DNA from oranges?
Why do you always get cramp in my legs?
Why does your baby hiccup so much?
Why should children come to school to learn at night time?
Why does your calf hurt?
Why do surgeons wear gloves?
Why does penicillin discolor urine?
Why do i feel sick after leaving shower and getting in the air conditioner?
Why do athletes take drugs?
Why is it that euthanasia is no legal in the Philippines?
Why is spicy not included in the basic taste?
Why does my husbands skin smell oily?
Why do you feel numb?
Why do cats urinate on clothes?
Why does a guy not ejaculate?
Why should you learn first aid?
Why do you keep getting uti?
Why do you keep having random dreams about the guy you really like?
Why do you have to have an enema before endoscopy?
Why is rickets on the rise in 2008?
Why can not you tan?
Why doesnt a guy use condoms?
Why is brown sugar more healthier?
Why did i wake up Biting left side of tongue and it is very swollen?
Why is a effervescent tablet better?
Why do I get shooting pain in my left arm?
Why does your eyes irritated when you swim in the sea?
Why does medicare come out of your paycheck?
Why is thermometer usually shakes before using?
Why do yeasthumanspotatoes have catalse?
Why do children get bloody noses?
Why are you getting a buzzing sensation in your breast?
Why is water required while working out in a gym?
Why are your brown eyes turning blue around the edges?
Why do you gets spots on your head?
Why does urine turn cloudy after a period of time?
Why are you nervous maround new people sometimes you cant even turn your head?
Why does man need long kidney tubules?
Why is alcohol is a dangerous drug?
Why is your neckback and hips sore?
Why does one need Dialysis?
Why do you bulge your eyes?
Why would a bad smell come out of your nose?
Why do you sneeze every time you go to a friends house?
Why have you been bleeding for 5 months with cramping you are only 23?
Why does my arm feel hot?
Why is health is a part of infrastructure development?
Why does your stomach make loud noises?
Why do you need to chew your food?
Why do you bleed after a week that you had sex?
Why would a ligitimate practitioner break the confidentiality of a new client?
Why would blood in my semen?
Why would you have your period in the middle of your pill pack?
Why do you feel sick when you stay up late?
Why do you get blisters on you legs?
Why is it unhealthy to eat one type of meat?
Why do folk medical practices prevail?
Why do I feel dizzy and my ears are fuzzy after exercising?
Why do I feel numb in inguinal area?
Why does it take some women longer to get pregnant than others even though you do not have fertility problems?
Why does your anus get sore?
Why do people prefer visual entertainment?
Why are islands going under already?
Why is the medication named colestid?
Why do athletes take banned substances or drugs?
Why is it when you throw up the first thing you eat comes up first?
Why is the aorta so big?
Why do women get stomach ache and back ache during periods?
Why does your bottom eyelid move sometimes?
Why are bowel movements sometimes like small pebbles?
Why did the tallest woman in the world die?
Why do you blink our eyes at the same time?
Why do children rock back and forth a lot?
Why is cannabis a stimulant?
Why is there after semen?
Why are children particularly effected by food inequity?
Why is Malaria mostly found in the province than the city?
Why does your throat feel tight and like something is in the back of it?
Why is it sodium is not restricted for eclampsia patients?
Why did Ike do drugs?
Why is your cervix high and soft?
Why do you feel tired after a deep tissue massage?
Why is the holistic approach considered a good approach to personal health?
Why is it often difficult to make health changes?
Why is pepto bismol a contraindication to an ulcer?
Why are hormones necessary in the body?
Why do you cry so easily when you get upset?
Why do some people breathe harder than others?
Why do you get indigestion daily?
Why do old dogs poop alot?
Why was the book in the hospital?
Why do female clients prefer a female therapist?
Why do teens do drugs and alcohol?
Why cant you pee after foley catheter was removed?
Why are the kidey and pancreas essential to life and necessry to be transplanted?
Why would high Potassium or low Sodium levels in our body cause Temporary Infarction of the Arteries or seizures?
Why does the back of your throat taste salty?
Why do some people look different after they die?
Why do you feel heat in your arm?
Why do your testicles tingle?
Why do athletes use drugs in sport?
Why is rachle weise not in mummy 3?
Why does the leg sleep often?
Why do you hear ultrasound after you are hard slapped in the ear?
Why do you hear a clang when you tighten your inner ear muscles?
Why do I sometimes feel faint?
Why do people fall down?
Why is the systolic pressure is more than diastolic pressure?
Why do you sleep a lot?
Why would a sneeze smell?
Why is your uvula itchy?
Why do you lose blood circulation in your hand while sleeping?
Why do the psychiatrist say about his mental condition?
Why do you have chills but no fever?
Why did miner catch disease?
Why would some1 get an abourtion?
Why would a guy be hot one minute and cold the next and keep it going on for years?
Why do athlets use drugs?
Why does t4 lower serotonin levels?
Why is the bubonic plague still around today?
Why is the leg swelling after the endartectomy procedure?
Why do we get burning or stinging sensation when injected?
Why is china ahead in its growth?
Why is movement important in sporting events?
Why do you have hot flashes at aged 80 years?
Why do people walk up in the middle of the night?
Why do your ears hurt after running?
Why does a person stink?
Why do men have thick semen?
Why are testicles there and what use do they have?
Why do you have an appendix if it doesnt do anything?
Why did the drug tests not work?
Why cannabis is a depressant?
Why are you constantly bloated and tired?
Why are pyrogens difficult to control?
Why do ears get red and burn?
Why do people want to have faster reflexes?
Why is alcoholism a mind disease?
Why would you vomit orange slime?
Why does your heart have two sides?
Why are china men so short?
Why do 7 month old babies live while 8 months old did not?
Why does dilating the pupil increase aqueous humor outflow?
Why do some people have six fingers?
Why did Oxycontin show negative on a drug test?
Why do you get cold sweats when defacating?
Why do turds float?
Why do males pee in the mornig?
Why is the white part of your eye getting grey?
Why do you need clean water?
Why is it not normal to prescribe a certain herb to similar symptoms?
Why do I never sweat when I run?
Why is your big toenail coming off?
Why do some men do not ejaculate?
Why are plants so important to people?
Why does the cervox hurt on my first time?
Why does the cervix hurt on my first time?
Why do you have intermittent visual distortion?
Why can boys hold their pee much longer than girls?
Why is abseenteeism so high in nurses?
Why was Dr Hardy in a wheelchair during his last few years on general hospital?
Why are you over sensitive to salt?
Why does your nose and ears turn red when cold?
Why is your urine so cloudy strong smelling?
Why does your urine smells like coffee grinds?
Why do some people choose to live in their trash and not discard it?
Why is there a fever if you have bronchial asthma?
Why do you give people your address?
Why should basic metabolic rate be measured 12 hours after the last meal?
Why are you getting thick scum after having a meal?
Why is hematocrit different in genders?
Why can I hear my heart beat?
Why am I losing my equilibrium and getting dizzy primarily when I lie down?
Why is Ginger in the hospital?
Why do you have brown semen after ejaculating?
Why does my right hand and arm go to sleep most of the day?
Why do you feel not so fresh?
Why is one side of your tongue swollen?
Why do I get Red blotchy spots on my legs from walking?
Why do you never have a fever?
Why is silver dangerous if you eat it?
Why is the hearth important?
Why is colombia famous for coffe and drugs?
Why is pumping pure water into humans not advisable?
Why is High Fructose Corn Syrup bad for you?
Why does my chest curve out?
Why is your anus dark?
Why do you need to drink 8 glasses of water?
Why do patients suffering from diabetes also suffer from loss of sensation in extremities?
Why do patients who suffer from diabetes also suffer from loss of sensation in extremities?
Why do you feel dizzy when you get up from sleep?
Why were false teeth invented?
Why have you got a constant tickle in your throat?
Why is it difficult to exercise with myasthenia gravis?
Why are pine cones sticky?
Why should a person with yeast overgrowth not eat fresh pineapple?
Why do little girls get musty so soon?
Why would you use anticholinergic medication before surgery?
Why do drugs affect your community?
Why does a myocardial infarction occurs usually in the morning?
Why is health dynamic?
Why is homeostasis necessary for the survival of an organism?
Why does your balls stink?
Why dont the nail on the toe grow as fast as the nail on the finger?
Why are drugs cheaper in Canada than the US?
Why is it pumping of pure water into humans are not advisable?
Why do i have a Sunburn feeling after hysterectomy?
Why is junk food unhealthy?
Why do i go to the bathroom so much?
Why do you get flushing of the face?
Why does an unconscious person need oxygen?
Why should you not eat yellow snow?
Why am I bleeding because I have cut back on food?
Why is it important to use a first aid kit in the safety lab?
Why are so many different foods provided at one meal in china?
Why do your bodies need fat?
Why do teenagers get addicted to drugs?
Why do you have to prevent malnutrition?
Why has your body hair stopped growing?
Why would your tongue go slight hard on one side?
Why can not you get fat?
Why is starvation a bad thing?
Why are my toenails green?
Why do you use andnol for women?
Why is it that a doctor can get away with using unorthordox methods on a patient?
Why does a man need long kidney tubules?
Why do you see little sparks of light?
Why do are heads hurt?
Why do we have daily physical health needs and what are the advantages and disadvantages of daily requirement?
Why does semen stink when he ejaculates?
Why do people take drugs in sport?
Why does your child have large sores on her body?
Why does a back crack?
Why is drinking coffee twice a day bad?
Why are breast still tender and swollen a week after last period?
Why was the department of veteran affairs created?
Why do rodents not have a gallbladder?
Why dont red blood cells contain mitochondria?
Why do you get tingling in your hands and feet when lying down?
Why cant you drink carbinated beverages after having a tooth pulled?
Why is it important for healthcare workers to possess leadership qualities?
Why should you become a cosmetic surgeon?
Why is your poop floating?
Why would you have a sore throat for 3 weeks?
Why is it important to specialize?
Why do you feel good after 12 beers but not twice as good after 24?
Why does your urethra itch?
Why are people more interested in obesity?
Why are you suited to the position of a hospital administrator?
Why do you get very hot sweaty red and really congested when you drink alcohol?
Why is the world of medical office management becoming so diverse?
Why do you expect edema when osmotic pressure decreases but not when it rises?
Why are junkfoods bad for your health?
Why do you have lumps on either sides of your temples that are seen when you open your mouth wide or when you chew candy or tough foods?
Why is not there when skim milk is consumed?
Why does your skin itch when you are cold?
Why do women gain weight during pregnancy?
Why do girls have a diaper fetish?
Why were slaves from Africa immune to diseases from Europe?
Why do surgeons study biology?
Why do some weightlifting people take drugs?
Why do people neglect good postural habits?
Why would a person feel like she has been literally spinning in circles on and off all day?
Why would you do euthanasia?
Why is significance of the study important in a research study?
Why do people put ice over their eyes?
Why is the outer core a liquid?
Why is drug testing done at the Olympics?
Why is that?
Why do you randomly shiver?
Why do fingernails curl as they grow?
Why is geography studied?
Why would you be Having brown odorless discharge two weeks after period?
Why am i always sick?
Why do you have to eat peas?
Why should be drink seawater during dehydration?
Why would you take DDAVP for diabetes insipidus?
Why does he tape his knees?
Why do people have thick tongues?
Why is mathematics needed in becoming a surgeon?
Why do people get itchy ears?
Why are taste buds where they are?
Why do your lips and nose get numb?
Why does the human body need water to survive?
Why is the removal of carbon dioxide from living cells important?
Why are you feeling sick randomly every day?
Why are compounds form?
Why does a post operative patient usually has pneumonia?
Why is breafast important?
Why is blood flow to the brain relatively continuous and constant?
Why should euthanasia be legalised?
Why would you get two periods in the one month?
Why is pneumonia a dangerous illness?
Why do you have pains in my lower tummy and back a week after trying to conceive?
Why do I get an upset or sour stomach everytime I eat oatmeal or Cheerios but not with bread or other grains?
Why is there Blood in urine after hysterectomy?
Why does smoke come out of mouth after sneezing?
Why does the clinical thermometer have a constriction?
Why do you need the sense touch?
Why do you have drugs in the world?
Why are you so small?
Why do renal patients need hepo injections?
Why is the process of ossification important?
Why is your daughter having nape pain on and off fever and she vomit?
Why does you feel a strong chest pain when you sneez?
Why should patients with high blood pressure limit salt consumption?
Why was the point of the disease in this story?
Why is polio a very rare disease today?
Why does rebreathing exhaled air produced an increased respiratory rate?
Why do people want to get fit?
Why do the local community prefer folk sector to proffessional health sector?
Why is anatomy and physiology important to coaching?
Why have you not let your child use the potty yet?
Why did people like monolopoly?
Why do you get ulcers and how can you get rid of them?
Why do you turn green when you stand too long?
Why do dog diabetes sites recommend against giving milkbone biscuits to diabetic dogs?
Why do your eye twitch?
Why is Hippocrates famous?
Why do i get Kidney problems when drinking alchol?
Why is a KUB done?
Why do your legs ache when you drink alcohol?
Why are skin disorders a contra indication to massage?
Why would a person not eat dark meat?
Why does a specific bacteria cause a particular disease?
Why do you live and die?
Why do some people think euthanasia is wrong?
Why has it become so much more important in recent times to keep records in health and social care settings?
Why do you think max takes freak to the hospital?
Why are acetylcholine and endorphins of particular interest to researchers?
Why is there a shortage of Talwin Pentazocinefrom the drug companies?
Why do you have a esophagus?
Why would you need a medical research centre?
Why is it important for someone in the medical profession to have a basic understanding of the role of other health care providers?
Why do transitional epithelium superficial cells have dikaryoyic condition?
Why do you get stomach ulcers?
Why do you have pain in your stomech after sex?
Why is blood taken from the antecubital region?
Why is blood drawn from the antecubital region?
Why do mitral valves contain two casps and tricaspid valves contain 3 valves?
Why do some sports people choose to use steroids?
Why do you find glycogen in the liver?
Why does your 2 12 year old daughter eat lead pencil?
Why should hospitals hire marketing talents?
Why do you need to eat breakfast lunch and dinner?
Why is TV detrimental to children?
Why is oxygen necessary as you excercise?
Why does sasori die?
Why do Costa Rican babies drink coffee?
Why is running or walking beneficial to the cardiovascular system?
Why are you bleeding fourteen days after your period?
Why are isotopes dangerous to human health?
Why does body need beef?
Why are your gums pale and painful?
Why is it important for the blood to be liquid?
Why does semen sometimes come out runny?
Why does diabetes medications make people more obese that when before they started on the medications?
Why do you feel very thirsty when you have a cold sore?
Why do women grow mustaches?
Why does feces smell like metal?
Why is a 24hrs urine specimen alkaline in reaction?
Why does body ance come?
Why are the clots that come out as you miscarry?
Why is hydrogen a non metal?
Why do people smoke cigars?
Why is it hard to find work in ultrasound tech?
Why is there no hair behind your ears?
Why is cyanide a poison?
Why is there no picture of Sarah Palin in the hospital with her newborn son?
Why is hydrogenated oil detrimental to your health?
Why is important for a medical coder to know anatomy?
Why would a pituitary tumor affect vision?
Why does your skin wrinkle when in water for a long time?
Why does yours eyes get irritated when you swim?
Why did siddhatha gotama die?
Why did nate king cole die?
Why are Italians so healthy?
Why is make up bad for you health?
Why do you have plants in hospital?
Why is there protein in blood?
Why are you blessed by god?
Why does your head hurt on the right side?
Why are recessive diseases eliminated?
Why are females more prone to urinary tract infections?
Why do you need fruit and vegetables?
Why do your pupils inlarge and go some when you do drugs?
Why do you feel sleepy all the time?
Why would you stop having a period?
Why do doctors have to go to school for so long?
Why did your doctor refer you to a rheumatologist?
Why is it malnutrition is one of the big problem in the country?
Why did the maidens said that she must weep or she will die?
Why is blood pH important to homeostasis?
Why does the back of your head itch?
Why is condom the most popular contraceptive?
Why does your period stop after a day and start again?
Why do you get a sore bump on your tongue?
Why does food go up your nose?
Why do your eyes itch?
Why is diarroea so runny?
Why is the lymph is low?
Why do people use caffeine?
Why does a man tell you about he did not sleep well all the time and tell you about his health problem and the medications he is on?
Why do your burn when you use a sorton kind of soap?
Why are you so exasuting?
Why do pee colors change?
Why do some people have darker skin and they do not go tanning?
Why does biotin promote hair growth?
Why is the oxygen you breathe out full of moisture?
Why is alcohol also considered a stimulant?
Why did a gas pump do not open in attingal city?
Why do your toes burn?
Why does tissue form?
Why is niacin beneficial you ask?
Why do people call viruses micro organisms?
Why do people get sun burnt in the winter while outdoors?
Why does your feces turn out to be chilli oil?
Why do you ejaculate on penetration?
Why do the tubes in your lungs get smaller and smaller?
Why do drugs increase the risk of miscarrage?
Why does people eat dinner?
Why is salmonella harmful?
Why is my carbon dioxide high?
Why is salt bad for your bodies?
Why would a young person have Stiff knuckles in the morning?
Why do drugs impact your brains?
Why does my right upper arm ache?
Why do you always have a headache?
Why can you ask about anything?
Why do food chain end with a green plant?
Why does the changes in pH of the body fluids during illness threaten life?
Why does the pituitary gland have a trophic effect on the gonads?
Why is it that women are more prone to heart disease than men?
Why is it important to sterilize instrument?
Why did they start Olympic swimming?
Why does you intestines make noise?
Why is your period so light this month?
Why does my friend Ryan have anal warts?
Why do fibroids make you gain weight?
Why do my white discharge turn yellow with odor?
Why are some twins identical?
Why do salt crystals form on skin when a person has cystic fibrosis explain the mechansim for this?
Why do people with cystic fibrosis have more sodium chloride in their system?
Why do people get fractures?
Why does your body need zinc?
Why is it important to see health goals?
Why was Antonia Novello was the first female United States Surgeon?
Why does blood appear on pants?
Why do tongues burn really easy and heal really fast?
Why does a person need sleep?
Why is whole wheat pasta better for you?
Why is a blue filter used on a microscopes?
Why are diseases infectious?
Why did lien bien use drugs?
Why do snakes have poison?
Why is pus draining from 1 year old open wound now closed on my 82 year old father?
Why do peoples eyeballs twitch?
Why do you get diarhea when you get malaria?
Why is DNA impontent?
Why is water essential for life?
Why do people cut down forests?
Why are the five lumbar vertebrae of the 33 spinal vertebrae the largest?
Why did Lewis Morris die?
Why do you drink 8 glasses of water a day?
Why do drugs make you sick?
Why is cardiovascular health so important?
Why is your tongue bleeding after a day of the percing?
Why do you have semen?
Why would you possibly want to know?
Why is essential to maintain skeletal traction?
Why is your right side of nose extremely painful to the touch?
Why is it good science?
Why is it important to eat food?
Why does your body start hurting at night when you sleep?
Why does my stomach Throb on left side of stomach?
Why does your stomach throb on the left side?
Why do I get Dizzy when I sit down?
Why do hands turn red and dry if they are not protected when washing dishes by hand?
Why is the blood in the hepatic portal system carried to the liver before it enters the systemic circulation?
Why is it so dangerous to burn sulfur?
Why do you need sodium chloride in your bodies?
Why does my sweat eat holes in my jeans?
Why does the body need to maintain a stable internal environment?
Why are patients placed in the recovery position?
Why do i feel like ihave to pee right after i just did?
Why does market share matter to a health care provider?
Why are the oily injections not administered by IV route?
Why did Henry Knox die?
Why do people get white hair when you tied it when wet?
Why is your cervix clossed?
Why are sweets unhealthy?
Why do people give blood?
Why do people drug abuse?
Why did Galen become a physician?
Why do drugs need to be soluble in oil?
Why might freezing the thymus alter the ability to see nuclear material in the cells?
Why do people wet themselves?
Why is barium used in medical?
Why do people need hospitals?
Why would you fell dizzy when you watch a video?
Why is asthma a disease?
Why do my hands and fingers go numb?
Why did Americans wanted to Remain Loyal to Great Britain?
Why do girls drink semen?
Why do you have sore knee joints when you bend your knees?
Why does your boyfriend ejaculate quick?
Why can one not donate blood while on Seroquel?
Why does cervix dilate in early pregnancy?
Why do bruses kill us?
Why might you be experiencing rapid weight loss?
Why would Spinal fluid appears dark on mri?
Why are proteins different?
Why does watching women have sex turn me on?
Why should you support diabetes?
Why are we health freaks nowadays?
Why do pituitary glands swell?
Why do you think iron is an important mineral?
Why do you have pain on your lower right side after drinking alcohol?
Why did blood test for cholesterol give no readings?
Why is hydrochloric acid used in radiology?
Why do the Respiratory and Circulatory work together?
Why do people get stomach ulcers?
Why do NA have to wash their hands?
Why is solid carbon dioxide called dry ice?
Why is the male condom better than the female condom?
Why is the female condom better than the male condom?
Why does your vaginal lips swell after sex and it hurt also?
Why would you spot twice in a two week period you spotted for three days then got bad cramps bleed a little heavier and started spotting again when you wipe not on birth control not sure what would c?
Why is there gel in my semen?
Why do more people die of heart disease now than 1900?
Why do i have White mucus on stools?
Why would shingles appear on your face?
Why was Hippocrates important?
Why is there a decrease eosinophil in typhoid fever?
Why are you sitting at your computer when you should be getting checked out by a doctor?
Why are there 21 pills in a contraceptive packet?
Why is it important that water is incompressible?
Why might a doctor not give medication for a viral diseases?
Why do they use the electroencephalogram to study alcoholism?
Why are we here if you have to die?
Why would a doctor recommend an ultrasound for a general doctor visit?
Why does radiation cause sunburn?
Why is the embryonic stage particularly important?
Why is cardiovascular endurance important in netball?
Why is hemaglobin lower in women?
Why are employees provided with ergonomic assessments?
Why is saline used for rehydration?
Why did disease spread so rapidly on slave ships?
Why does your knuckles make sounds when cracked?
Why has only one hand has developed swollen fingers?
Why does it burn when you ejaculate?
Why do diabetes medications make you even fatter?
Why do you run in circles?
Why might the tongue stay stuck to the tope pallet of the mouth at night?
Why do you dream of lice?
Why are there people who have foot fetish?
Why do you want to work as a memeber of hospital housekeeping?
Why would your spleen be hurting?
Why do you feel pins and needles in your back when sneezing?
Why does ejaculate have an odor?
Why are drugs legal in the Olympics?
Why do guys get soft before sex?
Why do your hands shake 21 years old?
Why do i get migraine after long distance running?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain often much more dangerous than trauma to the frontal lobes of the brain?
Why did Chris Farley do drugs?
Why is math involved in psychiatry?
Why is protein essential to the body?
Why did the farmers form the populist party?
Why is chlorine added to the swimming pool water?
Why are drugs prevalent in the black community?
Why are super bugs a problem?
Why are platelets low in dengue fever?
Why does your anus bleed with no pain?
Why did slaves not fight for freedom?
Why do you need to drink 2 litres of water a day?
Why does the impact of drugs vary from person to?
Why have i black blood discharge for 8 days mean?
Why do dancers become anorexic?
Why should you keep healthy?
Why am i spotting brown at the end of my pregnancy?
Why did Edward Smith die with his ship?
Why would people die for?
Why should i be a forensic nurse?
Why is the 7th cervical vertebrae known as the vertebra prominens?
Why dose it say i wear size 8 shoes when size 8 shoes are to tight i musesce my feet and it says 10 inches i look on the chart it says size 8 i wear size 9s?
Why did the Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973 fail to achieve its objective?
Why is it indicated the if one had an egtopic they should not use Norvelo pillwhat are the effects if used?
Why is first aid important in your lives?
Why is semen blue?
Why is health important today?
Why does lack of sleep affect your memory?
Why are grains so important?
Why is knowing about phobias important?
Why does the spleen hurts?
Why is Colorectal Cancer a disease?
Why is it important for a medical assistant to know the quadrants of the body?
Why would an infant have a low respiratory rate and still have signs of respiratory distress?
Why is carbon dioxde put in soft drinks?
Why do you want computerize system in hospital?
Why are condoms used?
Why do over weight peoples penis shrieval up?
Why do you get lower backache right after your period i had a baby six months ago could that be cause?
Why did howard hughes hide away?
Why is the Gettysburg address treated with much respect now if it failed?
Why did fortuanto die?
Why are muscles cells called fibers?
Why is niacin needed in the body?
Why do drugs make you lose weight?
Why do guys like girls so much?
Why is REM sleep also called Paradoxical sleep?
Why do rats carry so many diseases?
Why does it hurt when someone pulls my hair?
Why do tetanus bacteria and humans live together?
Why does hypovolemia cause increased urine specific gravity?
Why would deep tissue trauma cause hair loss?
Why is it there?
Why is stomach heavy with pains below the tummy?
Why do you need to study about leaf morphology?
Why is drug testing on animals wrong?
Why does your mouth itch after eating fruit?
Why is it important that a person infected by malaria is put in isolation?
Why is Improved carbon dioxide removal?
Why do some people have hallucinations?
Why are first aid kits important?
Why did ivonne verduzco die?
Why do people get bells polsy and what if any medication can be taken?
Why did china start the olympic games on the 08 08 2008?
Why would someone who has never had a seizure suddenly have 5 and start bleeding from the nose?
Why do different classifications of joints allow different ranges of movement?
Why are people getting into drugs each year for?
Why does your right hand itch?
Why did I get ulcers in the mouth after oral surgery?
Why are fluoride compounds added to some toothpaste?
Why is Gwen using crutches?
Why should middle schoolers be able to have snacks at school?
Why does malnutrition contribute to pressure ulcers?
Why is your throat sore after a tooth extraction?
Why do gymnasts die?
Why does coffee make you poop?
Why does your tongue twitch when you read?
Why does mint help with stomach aches?
Why is your ear painful and red?
Why do medical professionals use abbreviations?
Why do you get a pimple on the tip of tongue?
Why do you need to take a pregnant praying mantis to the hospital?
Why do you fight against poverty in Africa?
Why are your breast sore when you wake up?
Why do you have iron in your blood?
Why did someone in the 18 century had the idea of giving sailors lime juice to cure scurvy?
Why would you get migraines every day?
Why did Pierre Trudeau die?
Why did the people run from the hospital to the fort?
Why is lexapro better than celexa?
Why does sadness make you cry?
Why do you need to consume less fat according to the food pyramid?
Why do eyes dialate when on drugs?
Why was the food drug and cosmetic act created?
Why did the Egyptians know so much about anatomy?
Why have you had diarrhea for 7 weeks had the colonoscopy and thay never fount anything?
Why do some people get their period every 2 weeks?
Why does heart rate decrease when deep breathing?
Why are antacids called antacids?
Why was Joe Jonas rushed to the hospital?
Why do thighs itch after running?
Why is it difficult to treat viral disease?
Why do seedlings die?
Why is an operation to make a person smart considered dangerous?
Why is swimming so good for your health?
Why are eating disorders harmful to the human body?
Why do my legs feel like they are burning?
Why is a TSH blood test done?
Why do my legs shake a lot?
Why is eye sight a barrier to communication?
Why were there so much disease among poor Victorians?
Why has my appetite subsided in my 8 week Im worried is this normal?
Why are tears important?
Why does the CIA run drugs?
Why is oxygen considered a drug?
Why are some characteristics more common than others?
Why is fever on soles of feet?
Why do you like cooking spray?
Why is it important to be drug free?
Why is body size an important factor to consider when taking medications?
Why are not your boobs sore this month and they usually are every month?
Why is it important to vaccinate against some diseases?
Why is it important for a health care worker to be differentiate between myths and facts of aging?
Why do some African Americans men have a blue ring around the pupil of the eye?
Why is it that age is one of the determinants of fertility?
Why do i Feel full all the time?
Why is slurry of charcoal given orally to suspected poison victims?
Why is a slurry of charcoal in water given orally to suspected poison victims?
Why does an unfit person get breathless and dizzy?
Why is honey considered a lipid?
Why do red blood cells have to be so small?
Why do people get butterflies?
Why are some people dwarfs?
Why do women get a tongue ring?
Why have i Missed 3 periods and am extremely tired but have a negative pregnancy test?
Why are you so hot at night?
Why does your back pop when you breathe?
Why does my head still hurt after banging it when i was drunk two weeks ago?
Why does my left side of my back goes numb a few times a day?
Why do you have to crack your back all the time?
Why is math so important in the medical field?
Why is life so hard but so easy at the same time?
Why do the dying get a visit from death for example when my father was dying he told me a man kept coming to take him and he kept telling him to go away?
Why are adrenal gland called emergency gland?
Why can GM FOODS stay in the fridge longer?
Why cant antibiotics be used to treat disease like hiv?
Why does weight loss follow a surgical removal of a portion of the small intestine?
Why did HenryVIII have people executed?
Why might a doctor not be able to prescribe new drugs to his patient?
Why will antibiotics not cure measles?
Why are Russian prisoners so susceptible for contracting tuberculosis?
Why are most teenagers depressed dont say hormones?
Why is Urine Analysis a important part of medical diagnosis?
Why should you steam fish?
Why does the amount of water in your body lessen as you get older?
Why does Sleep deprivation cause the body to shut down we know that without sleep the body gets fatiguedBuy why what is happening within the body My body shuts down even if I try to stay awake?
Why do budhist people not do alcohol and drugs?
Why do men say nasty things to hurt women?
Why is it important for large bones to work with the circulatory system to produce blood cells?
Why is your radiator smoking?
Why does skin itch and burn after walking?
Why do people have to take this drugs naproxen?
Why is it important to prevent mixing of the blood in the two sides of the heart?
Why are proteins needed in different amounts for people of different ages?
Why is it important to wear goggles in science lab?
Why does a Small pimple on outside of nostril bleed sometimes?
Why are amnesty international against euthanasia?
Why do you feel depressed at the time?
Why do your hands and feet itch?
Why is cannabis class a drug and not b?
Why do people get sick from turkey?
Why is female body temperature higher than males?
Why do medical professionals have their own language?
Why are donuts bad for you?
Why is it more dangerous to stay neck deep in a hot tub than to sit for an hour outside when the air temperature?
Why are the rooms of a psychiatric hospital white?
Why do you bleed a lot when you get a tattoo?
Why do economists work in health?
Why do i have Memory loss at a young age?
Why do some people not believe that a stutterer can be a genius although persons like Isaac Newton were stutterers as well?
Why are you young?
Why would you get a negative test if you were 5 months pregnant?
Why is it prostate enlarge?
Why do we need forensic pathologists?
Why does caffiene make you sleepy?
Why do certain shampoos help colored hair?
Why is regular exercise impotant for cardiovascular health?
Why does the filipino is a man of initiative?
Why is it important to perform a skin assesment on dark skinned individuals under indirect sunlight?
Why do people want to get high on drugs?
Why are people not recycling?
Why do cocaroaches flip over when they die?
Why do people like to eat so much?
Why are my taste buds swollen and how can I get rid of them?
Why is the nose and mouth connected?
Why do you need sunscreen for climbing mount everst?
Why would you develop congestive heart failure after a stent was placed in the LAD?
Why are you getting leg cramps in the middle of the day?
Why are you always hungry you are 14 yrs old but this is getting ridiculous?
Why do you snort drugs?
Why do you think it is compulsory for food packages to have nutritional information and a list of ingredients?
Why do you need the Respiratory system to keep fit?
Why might over secretion of insulin reduce glucose uptake by nerve cells?
Why are some people color blind?
Why does a nurse research?
Why is physical activity important for young people?
Why is there cartilage in ligaments?
Why do we need each and every nutrient?
Why does the color pink represent breast cancer?
Why does your temperature go down with activity?
Why does smoking increase the risk of heart disease?
Why is parent involvement critical for program success?
Why cant penicillin cure flu or hiv?
Why does systolic pressure increase when holding your breath?
Why do you want to tax medsuplys for the eldery and give it back to the insurance companys?
Why does the pressure in the lungs is greater than atmospheric?
Why do you pass out everytime you throw up?
Why is dietary unsupplemented intake of folic acid considered to be inadequate to prevent NTDs?
Why do blood types differ?
Why does soda need acid?
Why does pepsin not remain active in the duodenum?
Why are diseases that harm your immune system so dangerous to your body?
Why does DNA get condensed?
Why are drugs against the law?
Why is oxidation related to burning something?
Why is the small intestine circular?
Why do i always sweat on the nose?
Why is the amount of sleep different between adult and children?
Why would you want to take a training class at an aesthetic science institute?
Why is play important for children?
Why was the color white used in hospitals?
Why would someone cut open a fentanyl patch and rub the medication in their mouth?
Why do animals need to eat plants?
Why does your 2006 dodge durango not start?
Why do our cells need to be hydrated?
Why does the outer ear look the way it does?
Why cant a person eat green vegetables because of blood clots what causes this to happen?
Why is Cherokee gay?
Why do loud sounds damage the ears?
Why is it dificult to treat viral diseases?
Why does ringworm grow in rings?
Why is lead is no longer used in food containers?
Why are you feeling faint and dizziness in the morning you are having your period 3rd days?
Why does premature babies have a rapid rate of red blood cell destruction?
Why are bacterial capsules important in causing diseases?
Why do we Shiver when we are ill?
Why is first aid important for your wounds?
Why are bacterial infections easier to treat than viral infections?
Why do you keep getting skinnier when you eat a lot?
Why are some countries very wealthy and others so poor?
Why is heart disease more common in the UK?
Why do some people get sick around blood?
Why do our bodies produce alcohol?
Why is calcium so important?
Why is calcium so important to what?
Why do you need balance in all four components?
Why are cigarrette used?
Why would your sperm be clumped up when ejaculated?
Why are my nipples in?
Why is hearing vital?
Why are so many Americans are addicted to drugs?
Why do drugs do to you?
Why does your body need phosphorus?
Why does a child in a coma have seizure?
Why do you have a severe headache while travelling at high altitudes like inside an aeroplanelike there is a heavy buzzing?
Why do drugs contain hydrochloride?
Why is showering good for you?
Why does blood presssure need to be controlled in your body?
Why is the government the biggest drug dealer?
Why do shrips die?
Why does smokers get out of breath before non smokers?
Why is mrsa hard to treat?
Why did you choose company for possible employment?
Why does light occur?
Why do boys and girls get the rubella vaccine?
Why are burgers bad for you?
Why was chickenpox discovered?
Why can you live with out tonsils?
Why is sleep good for you?
Why do people get wrinkles?
Why is it important to know about germs?
Why did michealangelo die?
Why do hospitals not hire massage therapists?
Why does myelin on the surface of an axon causes a speedier transmission of a nerve impulse down the axon?
Why is ATP only good for short term storage?
Why did Rachel Carson die of a coronary heart attack?
Why do i itch all over?
Why are children and adolescents less active today than in previous generations?
Why is smoking not good for you?
Why would blood platelets be white instead of a yellow color?
Why did Elvis Presley take drugs?
Why did coporal punpishment start?
Why do we need a psychiatrist?
Why did he die jamie Eslscante?
Why dont i feel hungry?
Why dont i feel hungry anymore im 17 years old and weight around 119lbs and am always training ie weights walking etc?
Why is fibre important in a balanced diet?
Why do goblet cells secrete mucus in the nose?
Why would my pulse rate go from 47 to 80 in a matter of five minutes?
Why do your legs twitch as if you are falling asleep but you are actually awake and sitting somewhere?
Why does link breathe weird when his health is low?
Why do fish have more poly unsaturated fatty acids than cattle?
Why is your ear numb and inflamed?
Why dont i have hair enywere but your head at the age of twelve?
Why does decubitus ulcer occur?
Why is it important that the respiratory surface be moist?
Why should boys of 13years have to wear underwear?
Why do girls have hymens what is their use why do they break during sexual intercourse?
Why do you feel flutters on right hand side aswell as left sidei think im about 8 weeks pregnant with fifth child?
Why do respiratory rates have to be checked?
Why does your urine turn orange when drinking Powerade?
Why is it important to produce pharmaceutical products ready for praparation of a standard solution?
Why is 2 to 3Lmin of oxygen given to copd client?
Why would my kidney hurt when you breathe?
Why do you need to be aware of your basic rights?
Why do medications have an expiration date?
Why is there such a stigma attached to mental illness?
Why do some people retain body fluid more than others?
Why do old psychiatric hospitals have towers?
Why can a person suffering from common cold not enjoy his food?
Why do what to work in radiology?
Why are your ears clogged after taking medication?
Why cant i ejaculate im 16?
Why are radio waves bad for you?
Why was your Pregnancy test positive but you are on period for 3hours?
Why is drinking water important?
Why do you feal colder after you have just slept?
Why do you have to urinate after you ejaculate?
Why can stutterers speak fluently after they had attended HCRI therapy in Virginia?
Why do head wounds bleed so much?
Why is the ability to set goals for yourself a sign of maturity?
Why did Cissy King leave the Lawrence Welk Show?
Why do we get blisters from sunburns?
Why will mount Everest grow taller?
Why is snot different colors?
Why do you feel sick in the morning when you are not pregnant?
Why is cardiovascular fitness important to a healthy lifestyle?
Why do new clothes say wash before wearing?
Why does spinal anesthesia cause hypotension?
Why is alcohol quick to find its way to the brain?
Why did tituba die?
Why is there a need for coservations of water?
Why are digestive enzymes in the lysosome?
Why are peole fat?
Why are there more people getting skin cancer now than in the last century?
Why does a plant perk up when given water?
Why does disease take over the body even when antibodies are produces?
Why is skin called skin?
Why is calcium carbonate used in tooth paste?
Why would someone urinate a lot when high?
Why does inflammation of the membranes cause pain?
Why do you put chlorine in your pools?
Why can Cystic fibrosis be inherited even if neither parent has the disease?
Why is being healthy important to us?
Why would people want to become doctors?
Why does the concentration of carbon dioxide in a persons blood decrease when their breathing rate increases?
Why do people crave symmetry?
Why are people born without a spleen and there insides backwards for i dont understand because i was born that way?
Why can a chest infection in a child result in swollen feet two weeks later?
Why is high heart rate a bad thing?
Why is tetanus toxoid and anti tetanus serum not administered at thesame site?
Why is the respiratory system often called the respiratory tree?
Why is the bladder important?
Why do you use defibrillators?
Why does sweat taste salty?
Why is consuming alcohol harmful?
Why does someone with mycoplasma pneumonia become dehydrated?
Why should you take rests out of water?
Why do we sensitize red cell for coombs control?
Why do we need to keep finding different antibiotics to treat the same diseases?
Why isotonic solution given for hyperglycemia?
Why is my cervix very low?
Why is diabetes a lifestyle disease?
Why would a patient have to be deemed terminal for the hospice care program to be considered?
Why do i only orgasm in masturbation?
Why is your semen a red color?
Why is saline solution used instead of pu?
Why does the respiratory system get infections?
Why would peripheral vascular disease be life threatening?
Why is US health care expensive?
Why can a stroke kill you?
Why is it necessary to digest protein before using it for growth?
Why do bottle fed babies gain more weight then breast fed babies?
Why do you have cold symptoms?
Why do cold sores happen?
Why does my right arm feel hot?
Why do you reduce lactic acid?
Why is it useful to have a qualification in first aid?
Why is care value base in health and social care impotant?
Why do you have to stay in a dark room if you have the measles?
Why is it that you get your period two times a month is that normal?
Why do still have a big bump on my leg months after I fell?
Why do people need Magnesium?
Why would your arms tingle and get weak when using crutches incorrectly?
Why are women much more of a bitch when on their period?
Why does sugar raise blood pressure?
Why do you itch all over severely after every shower with no rash for 45 minutes to 2 hours?
Why would a person feel tired after standing still for a long time?
Why am i suffering from constant tiredness no energy constant painful headaches and have trouble sleeping and when you do you wake up within hours after you are also easily emotional What is wrong?
Why do men get an erection on a bumpy ride?
Why do I have a Sore lump on sole of foot?
Why were European disease devastating to the people of America?
Why is chewing gum good for your health?
Why is hydrogenated oil bad for your health?
Why do chloroplasts have DNA?
Why does the myocardium receives it blood from coronary arteries and not from the cardiac chambers?
Why do indejestion tablets contain alkaline?
Why is it important for an individual to be independent?
Why is it important to promote an individuals rights?
Why do you face problem in each and every activity you do?
Why does mu husband never get headlice when all the family have them?
Why ammonia is a Lewis base?
Why do I cough when I am hungry?
Why is it important to drug free?
Why does your vagiania always produce stuff when you think about sex and stuff?
Why should glass be recycled?
Why does using a straw reduce acid?
Why does sperm contain fructose and not glucose?
Why do there are more single nurses in terms of civil status in newborn screening?
Why does your skin feel hot after you hurt it?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain more dangerous than trauma to the frontal lobe?
Why do you ejaculate in clumps?
Why do people breathe in oxygen gas?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorder commit crime?
Why does abusive brother try to interfere in your life?
Why are lymphocytes much smaller than nerve cells?
Why do your hands keep falling asleep?
Why is first aid kit important?
Why is a severe injury to the brain stem usually fatal?
Why do you feel faint?
Why is it important to understand the respiratory and cardiovascular systems with respect to aviation physiology?
Why do some people not need vitiman D?
Why is emphysema caused by smoking?
Why do the cervical vertebra have a transverse foramen?
Why is it uncomfortable to breath warm air?
Why is absorption important?
Why is there Mucus in ejaculate?
Why do you want own are operate your own business?
Why was tuberculosis prevela NT during the great depression?
Why is locating black holes difficult?
Why is drug half life so important?
Why do some mans niple enlarge at noons and reduce at mornings?
Why does my body continuoulsy ovulate after having a partial hysterectomy?
Why are main imporatant parts of your skeletal system?
Why does zoloft make you gain weight?
Why are peanuts rice called cash crops?
Why are oil refineries located away from populated areas?
Why is the sodium potassium pump important to an action potential?
Why do beans produce gas?
Why is medical necessity important?
Why does boy teens nipples itch?
Why should marijuana be legal in hospitals?
Why do bones that have been broken react to cold temperatures?
Why are womens niples sore?
Why is Erythrocyte sedimentation rate higher in women?
Why do the Himalayas grow taller?
Why do the Human raceand animals need trees?
Why do most people wear spectacles as they grow old?
Why are patients in a hospital bed rotated every two hours?
Why should you have an aboriton?
Why is it important to keep drugs away?
Why does eye twitches?
Why did aboriginies die because of settlement?
Why do people drink bottled water?
Why does your breasts itch and there is a dark patch on it?
Why do schools tell students how different drugs are taken if they are trying to prevent the consumption of drugs?
Why did many doctors follow Hippocrates theories?
Why do some countries have diabetes worse than others?
Why do people laugh so hard they cry?
Why do you put on weight when you hardly eat?
Why is heath important?
Why is heparin used in dialysis?
Why is the endocrine stystem important?
Why does tuberculosis require long term drug therapy?
Why do your kidneys hurt when you drink alcohol?
Why do people wear condoms?
Why is your nose burning because of sore throat?
Why do plastic surgeons make incisions along cleavage lines?
Why do people without water perish before they do without food?
Why is it unhealthy for you to poop and pee at the same time?
Why was Eric Blair in the hospital?
Why do you wear condoms?
Why do sickle cell anemia and malaria appear in the same area?
Why can carbon dioxide diffuse in the body 20 times faster than 0xygen?
Why cant one parent carry the disease to the child?
Why is abortion not considered as a form of contraceptive?
Why does my urine smells like chemicals after taking cold medicine?
Why did Ruben Goldberg die?
Why are children of blood relatives have congenital diseases?
Why do children of blood relatives often born with congental diseases?
Why were corsets bad for your health in the Victorian era for young woman?
Why was the TB hospital called the white plague?
Why is coccidiosis is considered a self limitting disease?
Why is my cervix high and soft and on cycle day 7?
Why is the longer leg longer than the shorter leg if the shorter leg is longer than the longer leg?
Why does new refrigerator smell like ammonia?
Why is the original kidneys not removed during renal transplantation?
Why was ekg made?
Why is quinine in tonic water?
Why do you get cold and clammy when you sweat?
Why does smog occur?
Why do I ejaculate when I sleep?
Why was the recovery of crystals low of crude product?
Why does semen go colourless after a while?
Why do you have big feet at 13?
Why is your semen milky white?
Why is rem sleep called paradoxical sleep?
Why is being a midwife a good career?
Why do humans need fatty food?
Why is your girlfriend always bloody moaning?
Why is there a poorer outcome prognosis of neuroblastoma if the patient is near diploid or tetraploid in chromosome number?
Why do you need to have hep b and HIV and TB tests done before you go and work out in Dubai?
Why does some microbes cause disease other do not?
Why can someone who is paralyzed still digest food and have working organs?
Why do pneumonia patients get confused?
Why is carbon dioxide less dense than dry ice?
Why is the biological reason for a big butt?
Why will your gsxr die when given gas?
Why do virues make you ill?
Why did john Locke die?
Why do your upper arms and armpits itch?
Why is my cervix swollen after my period?
Why does diabetes make you feel hot and sweaty?
Why does a person feel thirsty?
Why do narcotic drugs have slang names?
Why does the top of your foot hurt after being on it a long time or walking uphill?
Why do you need Blood in the heart muslces?
Why do i have large clots with my period?
Why does the Department of Health and Human Services exist?
Why is your boyfriend always so moody and tired?
Why would a lion have a gallbladder?
Why does your blood pressure drop when you stand?
Why does saltwater cause dehydration?
Why are people not allowed to smoke in public places any more?
Why is it important to promote individuality?
Why are drugs important to people?
Why do doctors need qualifications?
Why is so much pressure exerted in the aorta when the heart beats?
Why do people sleep at night but are awake during the day?
Why does malaria occur in some places more than others?
Why do people with lewy body dementia have hallucinations?
Why does each vertebra have an opening in the middle?
Why was there no severe bleeding?
Why did tutankhahum die?
Why do hands shake randomly and uncontrollably throughout the day?
Why are enzyme importANT for the body to remain healty?
Why does the human body stop growing?
Why did Ozzy osborne start doing drugs?
Why are histamine antagonist recommended?
Why do you have pain in your spleen area?
Why does respiratory organ receive a large supply of blood?
Why would a high fever be dangerous when talking about enzymes in the body?
Why are some otc drugs causing problems?
Why does liver detergant mixture need to be filtered?
Why do kids fight?
Why could you die after eating TTX?
Why do girls go on birth control other than not to get pregnant?
Why do white blood cells use endocytosis?
Why do british have bad teeth?
Why does one have a decrease in platelet count?
Why are fruit and veg important for your health?
Why do enviournmental health use microscopes?
Why is this?
Why is it impossible to breathe and swallow at the same time?
Why do people think smoking is cool?
Why are overweight people overweight?
Why is your normal body temp 35 degrees Celsius?
Why do you test drugs on animals?
Why is the pectoral girdle weaker than the pelvic girdle?
Why do people touch their privites?
Why should people get a tetanus and how do they help?
Why does a leukemia patient get the hiccups for 5 days?
Why are interested to apply as medical representative?
Why do people have calluses on their feet?
Why did semen burn my face?
Why did the yellow fever happen?
Why do you think there are many people that are having intercourse without using protection?
Why is respiratory obstruction reversible in asthma but not in emphysema?
Why have a hysterectomy?
Why is drugs addicting?
Why does body temperature increases after eating?
Why would a district nurse use a thermometer?
Why do sports players take drugs?
Why has your grandson now 3 always had strong mothball smell in his feces?
Why is there an icreased production of melanin when there is a increased sun exposure?
Why do men smoke?
Why do you fall asleep a lot?
Why would bone marrow stop making white blood cells?
Why is cancer most often a disease of the middle aged or elderly?
Why do you feel so hunger during 3am when you have eaten your dinner even if you ate too much or less?
Why is opium a drug?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain is often more dangerous than trauma to the frontal lobes?
Why does your semen look gel like?
Why would a insurance company want you to get your cholestoral checked?
Why was the hospital in Queen Victoria Park in Southampton made redundant?
Why does my face lips and eyes swell during my period?
Why do we have 5 a day?
Why is taking drugs a sin?
Why was water important on ships?
Why is edge in the hospital?
Why is pulmonary circulation important to mammals?
Why do people choke on liquids?
Why do I have small feet?
Why is blood type ab not a true universal recipient?
Why is dextrose rather than sucrose given intravenously to patients?
Why would someone have a trachea tube?
Why is hydrogen peroxide used as an antiseptic?
Why is the iliac crest and biopsy?
Why do you need fats and sugars?
Why is my tummy bloated sore and urination dark and often?
Why do you consider drug addiction the most serious problem among teenagers?
Why are fats bad?
Why is your tummy fat and not your bum?
Why do you test health?
Why dont black people get sunburned?
Why do you sometimes see stars white dots?
Why do I get shoulder and back pain right after your first sip of alcohol It only lasts a few minutes and then goes away?
Why does your but itch when it gets close for your menstrural cycle?
Why would a person become addicted to drugs?
Why do cats eat mouse?
Why does the tongue has taste buds?
Why does your anus hurt when you make?
Why do people take illegal drugs?
Why is a ruptured appendix life threatening?
Why do Many people still die from preventable diseases?
Why does your heart rate increase when we chande body positions?
Why is first aid important in general?
Why is small pox called small pox if they are big boils?
Why are microorganisms here?
Why are some of us small and others big?
Why is accountability important in health care?
Why does a disease that causes a wide spread infection usually result in a fever?
Why does your body have symptoms of pregnancy if you are not pregnant?
Why is health consider as an investment?
Why do i have Pins and needles in finger tips?
Why do diabetics inject insulin rather than taking it by mouth?
Why do you want to be a physical therapist?
Why do I have such high plasma level for Dopamine 390?
Why did Squanto decide to help the people who were poor or starved?
Why does your voice change when you get older?
Why are convolutions in the cerebrum important?
Why would anemia cause fatigue?
Why does melamine cause kidney stones?
Why is corned beef named corned beef?
Why do men die earlier?
Why is the condition of your skin often indication of you overall health?
Why would neutrophiles be low?
Why does pure sulfur make people itch?
Why is physical activity good for your health?
Why are babies fat?
Why does running make your legs itch?
Why do many medications have instructions to shake well before using?
Why do pre senile dementia patients die early?
Why are my bum cheeks are aching all the time?
Why is aspartame harmful?
Why will men be the only one to die?
Why are kidney problems so serious?
Why does your mouth taste bad in the morning after drinking?
Why do you get a headache when mastrubating?
Why do nurses in CA receive more income than nurses in MA?
Why is salt good to your health?
Why is it important to keep accurate records?
Why is maintaining confidentiality important for effective communication in health and social care?
Why do you need a respiratory system?
Why is semen sometimes sour?
Why is a migraine worse than a headache?
Why do pantyhose smell?
Why do you hiccup when you are upset?
Why does your heel itch?
Why do you get gas from protein food?
Why do your dads farts smell so bad?
Why do you have a pain in the back of your neck and head and extreme dizziness?
Why can elevated blood pressure increase the risk of cardiovascular disease?
Why is a thermometer glass so thin?
Why are you still limping after compound ankle fracture 5 months ago?
Why does high concentration of sugar prevent bacteria that cause decay from growing in jam?
Why does fever cause headaches?
Why would you need intravenous magnesium as part of your treatment from stroke recovery?
Why do scabs itch?
Why is blood oxygenated?
Why does your respiratory system work harder when exercising?
Why does a plant need roots?
Why is nose sensitive?
Why should children not receive aspirin while they have Chickenpox?
Why does your urine smell like tuna?
Why is Coumadin given in the evenings?
Why was Planned Parenthood founded?
Why do I have headaches when I am on my cycle?
Why does breakfast help?
Why are blood type and Rh checked before infusion?
Why does the catabolism of glycogen produce single glucose molecules faster than the catabolism of amylose?
Why do birth control hormones make plasma green in blood donors?
Why does tissue rejection occur after transplant operations?
Why does milk fart?
Why does the oral maxillofacial surgeon make more money than other dental specialties?
Why does it itch and burn in the effected area?
Why is there a red circle forming around the area where a rusty wire poked it?
Why did Disney cancel Hannah Montana diabetes episode?
Why are surgeon fish called surgoen fish?
Why do you get hangover after excessive drinking?
Why is food adulterated?
Why do condoms brake?
Why cant schools drug test?
Why are so many people in Africa?
Why do some people clear their throat and others do not?
Why does the side of stomache hurt like when you run but i am not running?
Why would you always be hungry lately?
Why do some atheltes take drugs?
Why does my gas fired heater stay ignited for only a few seconds and then the flame goes out?
Why can the spleen be removed?
Why do you die if you have untreated leukemia?
Why do your legs itch when you sweat?
Why does being fat causes you to get heart disease?
Why is Histoplasmosis called darlings disease?
Why is the solubility of a medication important when considering the action of the medication in or on the human body?
Why have you been feeling tired sick and dizzy?
Why can peni cillin be used as a drug for people?
Why do you have anxiety about school?
Why does skin turn cold liquid is sprayed onto your skin?
Why would a celiac patient have a low white blood count?
Why are your pubic hair purple?
Why cant drink caffeine with a uti?
Why does someone who suffers from stomach ulcers stay away for foods with a high pH?
Why are babies more likely to get toxic effects from medication?
Why is salt important for body?
Why is the disk diffusion technique not a perfect indication of how the drug will perform?
Why is anesthetic a stimulant?
Why do people smoke cannabis?
Why do joints become more supple?
Why is swimming after meals dangerous?
Why were the Lowell mill work conditions so bad?
Why is the jaw the strongest muscel in the body?
Why do people with diabeties take care of how much sugar they eat?
Why do teens smoke or chew?
Why has medicare prescription drug costs fallen?
Why is disease such a problem in Africa?
Why is it important to stay drug free?
Why does the respatory system need the circulatory system?
Why is the sickle cell allele in higher frequencies than expected in areas with malaria?
Why does the optic nerve cause a blind spot?
Why are some people alergic to fruit?
Why do you sweat during sleep?
Why does the body have 3 kinds of blood vessels?
Why do women react badly to hysterectomies but dogs and cats have no problems from being spayed?
Why do you have pain in lower back and headache after colonoscopy?
Why does girls want to be copulated?
Why is caffeine classified as a drug?
Why is health care so important to the US?
Why is msjackson so mean?
Why is respiratory reserve a better indicator of respiratory efficiency than vital capacity?
Why do hospitals list as not for profit?
Why is it important for the human body to have a healthy cardiovascular system?
Why are your arm pits sore?
Why does semen stain?
Why has your cervix become difficult to locate?
Why is drug counseling important?
Why is lactic acid formed even when an athlete is breathing oxygen?
Why are young girls immunized against rubella?
Why would female dogs be heaver than males?
Why does my head sweat while working?
Why do you feel sick at your stomach by some foods and you at times feel sick at night about the same time?
Why are green plants brought to hospitals?
Why do babies sleep fourteen hours a day?
Why does it look like you still have bunions 10 days after bunion surgery?
Why do you still have bunions 10 days after bunion surgery?
Why do you have sciatic nerves?
Why is mrsa a problem?
Why does the spleen erubt?
Why do you have odd shaped testes?
Why did they not know what caused disease in the medical renaissance?
Why does the narrator take the job at three skeleton key?
Why do I have a hormone deficiency?
Why have Medicare prescription drug costs have fallen?
Why should people be against euthanasia?
Why did you get it pierced in the first place?
Why are the alveolar walls so thin?
Why do sore knees click?
Why is euthanasia illegal in most countries?
Why does the retina have to be smooth why not wrinkled?
Why do some people feel hotter than others at the same temperature?
Why do teens start smoking?
Why is bacteria dangerous?
Why does your dad fart bad?
Why do human women react badly to a hysterectomy but dogs and cats have no reaction to being spayed?
Why do vaccines NOT protect against all viral diseases?
Why do you need food to survive?
Why is rapid detection of disease exposure important?
Why does underarm sweat make your clothes yellow?
Why do I get a stomach ache after drinking a can glass of Pepsi?
Why would a shrink think a relationship was an emotional crutch?
Why do you ovulate early?
Why does it burn when you fart?
Why would you suddenly come down with a bad headache while visiting a cemetery?
Why does he vomit when he talks about the sexual abuse he went through as a child?
Why did halmnet die?
Why is depression comon among people ages 15 to 24?
Why did Sir Richard condom invented the condoms?
Why is euthanasia illegal in Britain?
Why do babies have immunity from measles?
Why are the consequences of chromosomal alterations referred to as syndromes and not diseases?
Why would you want to use this medication unless otherwise prescribed?
Why do you get sharp pains running down your back?
Why are viruses useful to humans?
Why does the left side of your right tibia hurt when you run a lot?
Why does your bobbs itch?
Why is the knowledge of chirality important in drug synthesis?
Why is the surgeon general of the US a vice Admiral?
Why is the pituitary gland refered to as the master gland in the body?
Why does semen smell like urine?
Why would left ribcage be swollen?
Why is it important for intravenous fluid to be isotonic?
Why should the government know about your families diseases?
Why do people do crack the drug?
Why does systolic pressure differ in the upper arm and forearm?
Why did roxanne arlen die?
Why are fever blisters clear?
Why do you have fevers?
Why is it so important to eat a wide variety of food each day?
Why does semen have a awful smell?
Why is it that sometimes you can see your breath in the cold morning through your mouth but not your nose?
Why are African people immune to malaria?
Why can not you get chicken pox trice?
Why do you have to put hands on cheeks during pulmonary function test?
Why is depression considered a social problem?
Why do homeless people take drug?
Why does it hurt to pee after you ejaculate?
Why does your mouth hurt?
Why do you get boils on your body?
Why is radioactive iodine used to diagnose diseases?
Why do people smell differently?
Why does your cigar lighter in a 2004 grand am keep blowing?
Why is pneumonia very horrible?
Why is your semen runny?
Why do you wake up with cuts in your arms?
Why can people eat fermented food and not get sick?
Why do people crave excessive salt?
Why can only anopheles mosquitos carry malaria?
Why is fibre important to us?
Why am i having stiffness during my sleep?
Why did your mouth dry when you were sleeping with your mouth closed?
Why do boils under arm keep coming back?
Why have African countries not become immune to malaria?
Why is the spleen so vulnerable to injury on abdominal impact?
Why do you climax but not ejaculate after prostate surgery?
Why is it more likely for women to get migraines then men?
Why does it take so long to feel ill from food poisoning?
Why are the roles of the medical staff important?
Why is Hemoglobin not made in a skin cell?
Why do you wake up in the night with pain in your tongue?
Why do you have lipomas?
Why would you get gonorrhea?
Why did rachel shilsky have to die?
Why is the uvula good?
Why is fever not a common symptom of food borne disease?
Why does coumadin affect body parts?
Why do men ejaculate faster than women?
Why do Peoplem e find pleasure in self mutilation?
Why are the bronchiole walls folded?
Why can some drugs not be administered orally?
Why are scientist trying to Cure brain disease by growing cells?
Why are drugs good and bad for you?
Why would there be water between the diaphragm and lung?
Why do humans have gallbladders but not rats?
Why is cartilage important in the gaseous exchange system?
Why are your hands cold in winter?
Why is life expectancy so short in the anthem?
Why is it important to determine burn sizes?
Why is it difficult to make generalization about the effects of a drug?
Why do dogs get stomach aches?
Why does your knee slide out?
Why is a placebo group included in clinical trials?
Why do two nerves control heart rate?
Why does your throat click when you swallow?
Why do you get intense stomach pains and groans when laying on your back for more than a few minutes?
Why is plastic used to cover eletrical cables?
Why do they use food additives?
Why is smoking bad for teenages?
Why did Philip howard die a martyr?
Why would an apple make you sick?
Why does dengue fever typically occur in seasonal patters?
Why is your lymphocyte count low?
Why are gateway drugs called gateway drugs?
Why is it important to treat wter before you use it?
Why does tuberculosis appear to be more of a problem in large cities and homeless shelters?
Why do scientists use scientific names for organisms when they report on their research?
Why is heart disease considered to be genetic?
Why is josh peak using drugs?
Why is insulin used so often in the ICU?
Why do LCD screens cause tinnitus?
Why is semen different consistency?
Why is the sun good for you?
Why did sailors get scurvy?
Why are there different colors of plasma when you donate?
Why are there two cheeks on the buttocks?
Why does yellow fever change you fever?
Why dont they make adult diapers like baby diapers?
Why do boys get hard in the middle of the night?
Why is it important to protect Lake Huron from pollution?
Why do diseases of the circulatory system often affect the health of the entire body?
Why should a person who has a stomach ulcer avoid aspirin?
Why are some mutations good for an organism?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain often more dangerous than trauma to the frontal lobes?
Why are there gloves in a first aid kit?
Why does addiction seem like a disease?
Why is it important to have first aid knowledge and skills?
Why are drugs classified?
Why do drug addicts have to find a different spot on there bodys every time they inject drugs?
Why does your wrist always crack?
Why is it important to treat strep throat?
Why was hippocrates remembered?
Why do you get lice?
Why is beer a diuretic?
Why is the little toe a vestigial structure?
Why is sugar not a drug?
Why are surgical scrubs blue?
Why do your head be numb when you are asleep then when you are awoke?
Why is it that when you reduce the amount of acid in the stomach it would help heal stomach ulcers?
Why does body sweat smell funny?
Why do your balls always itch at night?
Why is anthrax said to be safer than Ebola?
Why are condoms flavoured?
Why are my taste buds off?
Why is rubbing alcohol acidic?
Why should you use plastic?
Why were nurses taught to clamp Foley catheters if more than 1000cc was being released at one time?
Why do you have to hear?
Why does steriod medication cause weight gain?
Why do i have a white stool and a stomach ache?
Why was health and hygiene bad in Victorian times?
Why did micheiangelo die?
Why is far view mountain in the moring clear but afternoon is not clear?
Why is it rare for someone to catch tuberculosis today?
Why do you write with a hook when you are right handed?
Why is my bird loosing feathers?
Why do you run for breast cancer?
Why does hepatitis b happen?
Why is only the germ line able to contribute to the next generation?
Why do you only catch measles once?
Why are viruses infamous and deadly on earth?
Why is it important to protect patient health information?
Why does malaria kill so many people in Africa?
Why are some organs called accessory organs?
Why would someone crave gas?
Why is the distinction important?
Why do people get dizzy after a cruise?
Why did Scar die?
Why are viruses difficult to remove from a water supply?
Why is their night sweats in pulmonary tuberculosis?
Why do pregnant women get frozen legs?
Why is scurvy caused?
Why do the people die of hunger in Canada?
Why are drugs and alcohol bad for you?
Why cant you bleach dentures?
Why is DNA heated?
Why do your boogers taste salty?
Why did Malaria begin?
Why are gastric juices important?
Why do people cough at night?
Why are boys faster than girls?
Why do you breath out oxygen?
Why is one of konrad zuse inventions called the Z3?
Why do your arms and legs fall asleep?
Why do you get constant migraines My daughter is 12 and she has had really bad migraines since she was 10 like everyday She pops aspirin like no tomorrow She also gets nose bleeds and has dizziness?
Why is obesity controversial?
Why does salt mess up your kidneys?
Why do they call it the circulatory system?
Why do need to poop?
Why do you have to get your period?
Why do you swallow your saliva?
Why would people who cannot taste probably not survive as long as people who can taste?
Why would a spleen cause pain and swelling?
Why is a control used in chemistry lab tests?
Why did claudia and jamie check for dust under beds before hid there?
Why should athletes take random drug testing?
Why are controlled substances more heavily regulated than other types of medications?
Why is trauma to the base of the brain dangerous?
Why does polio affect children under six the most?
Why does being sick make your teeth hurt?
Why is your stool thin?
Why are seeds considered nutritious foods?
Why is plant material less nourishing than animal tissue?
Why is Vetsin harmful to your health?
Why are ct scans used as a diagnoses for emphysema?
Why do Americans live near the coast?
Why do people get embarrassed about their body especially their reproductive organs?
Why are people so prone to heart disease?
Why is reflex testing important in every physical examination?
Why do i have Frequent and involuntary twitching of index finger?
Why do you call small pox chicken pox?
Why does your body twitches when I sleep?
Why is malaria a problem?
Why does a stethoscope feel cold?
Why did they switch from brass bronze hardware such as doorknobs to stainless steel hardware in hospitals?
Why does tannic acids used as treatment of burns?
Why does your upper lip smell bad?
Why are some thin people unhealthy?
Why do my knee caps hurt while im going through puberty?
Why is respiratory therapy in hospital expensive?
Why is it called accessory organs?
Why should you use drug production?
Why do people have asthma attacks?
Why is anemia a concern?
Why can you feel your pulse in your wrist?
Why is lupus an autoimmune disease?
Why do some organs not need insulin in order to get and process glucose?
Why are earth and Mars years different?
Why are children more susceptible to polio?
Why is heat exhaustion dangerous?
Why do the lungs need a rich blood supply?
Why would they not keep my blood when I could only give 446ml?
Why does grape juice stain your teeth?
Why is a tongue a tissue?
Why do you think you were not able to resist the reflex while experimenter struck your patella?
Why are hospitals important?
Why is cholesterol a problem?
Why do the walls of the trachea do not collapse because they contain?
Why are illegal drugs dangerous?
Why are viral agents so commonly associated with foodborne disease?
Why do people with emphysema find it difficult to climb stairs?
Why does it take a week to lose 2 pounds?
Why is MRSA resistant to antibiotics?
Why do people get hic ups?
Why does a surgeon need to have good listening skills?
Why do women get periods why cant men suffer too?
Why is it important to maintain adequate blood pressure?
Why do Hospitals accept uninsured patients but clinics turn people away?
Why is there a difference in male and female energy needs?
Why are HLDs useful?
Why are you having heavy blood clots?
Why do people say PU when something smells bad?
Why does the Mercury in your fever thermometer appear red?
Why does butter cause vomiting?
Why are ions so important to the anatomy an physiology of a human body?
Why are ions important to the anatomy and physiology of the human body?
Why do your arms go to sleep at night?
Why do you grow leg hair?
Why is the number of tuberculosis increasing?
Why is diabetes a recessive trait?
Why should school drug test?
Why does inhaled air need to be warmed filtered and moistened?
Why do men ejaculate so fast?
Why do they reproduction?
Why do people use mummies for medication and burning?
Why did your tongue turn white after you had your top teeth pulled and dentures put in?
Why have I sharp pains on my lower right side?
Why is only sperm able to get into an egg?
Why is hydrogen peroxide a good germ killer?
Why is it useful to have a first aid qualification?
Why would lying supine worsen respiratory distress?
Why does hair grow long on the scalp but not the hands?
Why do you have kidney pain in the morning after drinking alcohol the night before?
Why do people get ill?
Why does a miscarriage happen?
Why did Abraham shave his beard?
Why do you use a bladder for?
Why is smoking trendy in teens?
Why do we have to wear proper clothing?
Why is it bad to be fat?
Why is it important to wash your face?
Why is health insurance important to your future life?
Why do people have poop tempermants?
Why is oxygen important to body cells?
Why is saturated fat not good for us?
Why does it take a few days for symptoms of a disease to appear?
Why do kidneys produce urine?
Why does the Bronchial tree segments function in separate regions in each lung?
Why are all your elimination organs at the bottom of your torso?
Why did Hurricane Katrina spread diseases?
Why do kids use drugs?
Why do caucasians get cystic fibrosis more the orientals?
Why is carbon dioxide important to the respiratory system?
Why is Important infection control?
Why are people with the sickle cell trait resistant to malaria?
Why is it that after you ejaculate once its not enjoyable after?
Why does an arm have two bones?
Why is the abdominal region of the body more vulnerable to damage than other areas?
Why are images reversed on the retina?
Why are males more prone to leprosy than females?
Why are drugs used in sport?
Why was anesthetics injvented?
Why do people use asthma pumps?
Why does your finger tip feel numb after 2 days?
Why are your feet yellow?
Why is weigh loss associated with gastritis?
Why are the tonsils important?
Why is it that you may not necessarily see as well through one side of corrective glasses as you do at the same level through the other side?
Why are hemorrhoids worse in the winter?
Why will a goldfish die in salt water according to osmosis?
Why are oxygen tanks compressed in hospitals?
Why is pooh green sometimes?
Why would you ask a website about an important medication?
Why has your semen changed color?
Why do you get a bad smell from your pierced ear?
Why was gandhi aganst ricket?
Why does lactic acid build up in the body?
Why does your arch hurt in your foot?
Why do people have strokes?
Why do people have strokes?
Why does your breath smell like burnt matches?
Why does your husband not wash his butt?
Why do you dominantly have brownblack hair but red hair in your beard?
Why should humans not eat meat?
Why is one side of cervix swollen?
Why does one lose weight on moon?
Why do toenails split or break off?
Why do you get a sharp pain when your boyfriend ejaculates inside of me?
Why isnt the pulmonary circuit used in fetal circulation?
Why do some people get headaches from wearing glasses?
Why does your daughters breath smells like fish?
Why does your jaw feel numb?
Why does semen hurt?
Why does it feel good to ejaculate?
Why does oxycodone not show up as a opiate on a drug test?
Why do opiates effect pupils?
Why are Drug addicts characterized as suffering from bipolar disorder?
Why does cum taste so bad?
Why does taking a bath feel so nice?
Why does an infected area become white after cleaning with hydrogen peroxide?
Why was bleach named bleach?
Why do children eat their own feces?
Why do humans have a larynx?
Why do people pass out on planes?
Why are you asking this?
Why do pathologists wash dead bodies?
Why would he?
Why does water help hiccups?
Why is your fireplace smoking?
Why are people afraid to go to a psychiatrist?
Why could I not give blood if I had a thready pulse?
Why are you tied diabetes?
Why are you not dead?
Why are antioxidants included in sports nutrition strategies?
Why does one pee whilst sleepwalking?
Why cant you stop the production of cigars?
Why has tracey got an itchy crutch?
Why does water make you burp?
Why do boys have penisis an girls have viaginas?
Why do you hiccup a lot?
Why do people shut there eyes when they sneeze?
Why are both eyes dialated with NO drugs?
Why do you have junk DNA?
Why are the bottom of your feet yellow?
Why does a right arm and fingers have numbness and tingling but not the pinky finger?
Why does china make most American toys to poison us?
Why would one kidney be bigger than the other?
Why do you have to take 975 mg of iron daily?
Why have you choice the Community Medicine course?
Why was your blood test result hyper risen?
Why is it called pinky finger?
Why does human fecal matter float?
Why do you get kancorsores?
Why does your ankle get stiff when you walk?
Why is my tire smoking?
Why does your stomach hurt after you eat?
Why does your stomach look like you are pregnant?
Why is the job of the kidney important?
Why has your foot been swollen for 2weeks now?
Why do your teeth chatter when your cold?
Why would an addict be taking vicoden suboxone and cold tablets?
Why are the neck pulses visible?
Why should scientists continue to study genetics?
Why do eyebrows grow when you get older and do not need trimming when one is young?
Why should you excerise to keep the respiratory system healthy?
Why does someone have rigor mortis before death?
Why did my airway close after adrink of water?
Why do i have more veins in my left arm than my right I lift more with my right arm but still my left arm is more veiny?
Why is it good for your body to drink water?
Why do the middle fingers lock up when experiencing pain in neck and shoulders?
Why does motor neuron disease result in paralysis of skeletal system?
Why does the color of skin varies in people?
Why does the colour of skin varies among people?
Why does the skin colour vary among people?
Why would your stool be oily?
Why do kidneys require so much energy to function?
Why were pictures on walls inside pyramids?
Why do you see red blood?
Why would you turn a green color after having a tonsillectomy?
Why do you feel like needles are poking you everywhere?
Why is that the urine smells during urination?
Why do your heart beat increases after running?
Why is feces sometimes black in color?
Why did drugs shock siddartha?
Why does my mouth taste like metal and my chest hurts?
Why do men and women have different bodily water percentages?
Why does my head fall asleep at night?
Why does your feet have small weeping blisters that hurt burn itch and crack?
Why is water precious?
Why would your urine be a bright Orange color?
Why is bronzing a characteristic of Addisons Disease?
Why does it hurt when you get stung?
Why do your feet Burn in pregnancy?
Why do blue eyes have better vision?
Why do you get headaches when you do not eat?
Why would you have a hard time swallowing when you have cerebrovascular disease?
Why do dachdsunds toenails turn white?
Why does it take so long to take a poo?
Why do people get autoimmune?
Why was wilfred Owen sent to hospital in 1917?
Why does nailpolish have a typical smell?
Why is it sore when i use the toilet?
Why are some Christians vegetarian?
Why do you vomite?
Why would i start chokin for no reason?
Why does the last bite of food taste the best?
Why does it hurt while urinating?
Why was it so hard?
Why do you have pain in both arms?
Why do your ears get hot and red when you have alcohol?
Why should joints be measured?
Why is it necessary to break down certain nutrients?
Why did Ryan cooley die?
Why is breast feeding good for a baby?
Why do you have black hair but reddish hair in your beard?
Why do chickens get diarrhoea?
Why does your 5 year old keeps waking up?
Why does it hurt to ejaculate?
Why do gay people float?
Why do you feel tired and your arms and legs feel heavy?
Why is your tailbones coccyx vestigial?
Why does middle finger go numb?
Why do you have soap taste in mouth after eating?
Why is my butt so itchy?
Why does it matter where your birthmark goes?
Why is there numbness in your fingers?
Why are kidney important?
Why did my amniotic sac fall out at 18 weeks?
Why does everything taste salty after surgery?
Why do so many people like to eat junk food?
Why does white vinegar not harm the skin or internal organs?
Why are people so obsessed with health?
Why am i so short?
Why do you lose so much hair?
Why would a kidney stint be placed in a person with bladder cancer?
Why do you need your muscular system?
Why did Abilify show up as an opiate in your urine test?
Why do you pas gas?
Why did this happen?
Why do low fat foods taste different from regular fat foods?
Why is your urine yellow when you drink lots of fluids and am not on multivitamins?
Why is it so difficult to develop antiviral drugs?
Why should you exercise the cardiovascular system?
Why is it uncomfortable to freeze?
Why is under your right arm and back aching?
Why are pollen grains so small?
Why do kidneys have a dark red appearance?
Why are your kidneys red?
Why do girls get depressed from getting pregnant as a teenager?
Why is it uncomfortable to be cold?
Why do you need good cardiovascular endurance in badminton?
Why do seizures occur?
Why is water a vital nutrient?
Why are you able to see and hear?
Why should kids refuse drugs?
Why does a person with lung disease have troubles performing physical activities?
Why did Ozzy start drugs?
Why are you able to hear an see?
Why do you like blood?
Why does Lucy always get the hiccups?
Why does soap make you itch?
Why have your eyes changed from dark brown to hazel?
Why is it good to kill mosquitoes to control malaria?
Why do people breath through their nose?
Why is alchogol flamable?
Why does a baby not drown in a womb?
Why do you need about 8 hours of sleep?
Why do you want to stingers fast and carefully if the bee is a worker bee?
Why does your blood turn red right when it hits the surface of your skin?
Why is black plague not much of a problem today?
Why is prostate fluid white?
Why will Osteoporosis affect the hip?
Why is pH so important to the human body?
Why does and increase in white blood cells indicate that the body is dealing with a serious infection?
Why are burps louder when you put your hands in the air?
Why does a disease at the chemical level an effect on organ system function?
Why do you have apnea chest right and left arm pain?
Why does your back and sides itch and hurt?
Why do lumps contraindicate body massage?
Why do you crave garlic?
Why does your foot twitch constantly?
Why does dyeing your hair make it fall out?
Why is the cancer piccolo had called embryonal carcinoma?
Why do you like doing drugs?
Why does too much paracetamol make the liver fail?
Why do the nails darken and become loose from the nail bed with type 2 diabetes?
Why do you have two kidneys instead of one big one?
Why was the clinical thermometer invented?
Why do babies get hick ups?
Why are babies pulse rates faster than adults?
Why does it seem like I cant think as well as I useed to after being light headed for a few seconds?
Why is a fracture of the big toe slow to heal?
Why is tattoos permanent?
Why do you sometimes get Pins and needles in your breast?
Why do you feel chilled all the time?
Why does sperm come out after sex?
Why is it important to be careful with the things you let go down the drain or evaporate into the air?
Why is the deletion of a base pair of DNA during meiosis an example of a mutation?
Why does the government warn people about smoking if they continue to sell it?
Why is kidney is important to a person?
Why do you get aching in your right arm when you drink alcohol?
Why does the government use a census?
Why was coke bad for you?
Why does a netballer need muscular endurance?
Why is steroids used for breast cancer?
Why is the fever in typhoid occurs predominantly at night?
Why does your mouth taste of metal?
Why do footballers drink lots of water at halftime?
Why is iron important to health?
Why can roundworms cause plant diseases?
Why is pulmonary circulation different from all other circulation in the body?
Why does the body require vitimin d?
Why is immunization not possible for diseases such as diabetes?
Why is double pneumonia more fatal than regular?
Why do you feel cold constantly and suffer from indigestion at the same time?
Why is the sequence of nucleotides so important?
Why do you need oxygen to breath?
Why are you having spotting 2 years after a Total hysterectomy?
Why is abdominal fat a eater health risk than fat distributed in other parts of the body?
Why do you have to check a babies pulse rate?
Why does oxygen has this uses?
Why does milk cool your taste buds?
Why is iron nutrients important?
Why should you not stare at a solar eclipse?
Why do you need chemistry for nurse?
Why is euthanasia illegal in Canada?
Why do you feel pain more when you are cold?
Why do people have to take out the stinger carefully?
Why is GAL snails poo white?
Why is eating red meat all the time bad for you?
Why do you give blood?
Why would a drug addict need sugar?
Why do the holes to your nasal passage close sometimes when you blow your nose causing it to be impossible to blow your nose?
Why do Hospitals use spreadsheets?
Why did herewold die?
Why do adults still need protein even though they have stopped growing?
Why do people with a low body weight have a low bone density?
Why is it bad to lose a quart of blood?
Why are your hands nose and feet always cold?
Why cannabis makes you hungry?
Why do people ask so many stupid already known to most people questions on here?
Why do some people have a lower basal heart rate?
Why would you wake up every night thirsty?
Why do i keep getting swolling anckles at the back of my heal and pain?
Why is your toddler is frightened of pooping?
Why do they put alcohol in mouthwash?
Why should you wear a cup?
Why does Aquafina water taste better than the other brands?
Why do cats carry poop in their mouth?
Why is chemistry such an important part of anatomy and physiology?
Why did air bud die?
Why do you cry your self to sleep?
Why do you think reducing the amount of acid in the stomach would help to heal stomach ulcers?
Why is sterilizing successful in killing harmful microorganism?
Why should one apply heat or cold to a sprain?
Why do you have a permanent headache?
Why should you not keep the garbage bins open?
Why is blood pressure used?
Why is someone who is fit have a lower pulse rate?
Why is it important for a Docter to know a patients blood type?
Why do drugs have different classifications?
Why is alcohol technically classified as a legal drug?
Why is having kids under a year apart unhealthy?
Why did you have to go on the internet to find out about a zplasty instead of the doctor who did one on you informing you?
Why are nervousness and muscular spasms an effect of not eating dairy products?
Why do you have metallic taste in your mouth and painful gums that comes and goes?
Why is full use of the upper extremity unlikely after sucessful replantation?
Why should you go to rehab?
Why does your foot randomly go numb?
Why are your gums turning black at crown line?
Why does bleach hurt your hair?
Why do cardiac muscles have intercalated discs?
Why do you feel cool when your perspiration evaporate?
Why is lead poisoning dangerous?
Why do some men ejactulate larger volumes of semen than others?
Why is your baby under weight?
Why do kids get asthma?
Why are fat people more likely to cry?
Why is ecstasy called the love drug?
Why is it so important to control malaria and yellow fever in panama?
Why is the supraspinatus so subjected to tearingrotator cuff tear in sports?
Why do you think balance is important in the human body?
Why do you feel like you need to take a shower?
Why did they carry Abraham Lincoln across the street instead of the hospital?
Why is it such alcohol can harm the human liver?
Why does your two year old son grind his teeth at night?
Why do some people loose sleep at night?
Why do you have to keep getting water every 5 seconds is it because i have a cold?
Why does your bunny jump and twitch in the air?
Why does your breath have a metallic smell?
Why does a girl masterbater?
Why do you get headachs and get dizzy when you stretch get up flex ect?
Why are you lightly bleeding for 2 days at 9 weeks pregnant?
Why does my bunghole itch?
Why is albinism a genetic disease?
Why is semen runny?
Why does a medical thermometer only measure between 30 and 40?
Why is their hair on your body?
Why do kids do prescription drugs?
Why is jewelry removed before having an EKG?
Why is human brain of man is heavier than woman?
Why does using soap help you wash grease off of your hands?
Why is the gallbladder absent in the rat?
Why would an adult begin to stutter?
Why did you throw up after a tattoo?
Why are people not nice?
Why is the abdomen area and other internal organs most vulnerable to damage?
Why is it that the stool has a found odor?
Why are tribels so backward?
Why does sugar taste sweet?
Why does ganglion come?
Why does sunburn hurt?
Why do you have tingling in your wrist a year after you broke your wrist?
Why is masturbaing good for health?
Why was dysentery a problem in WWI?
Why is Ebola so dangerous?
Why would you lose white blood cells?
Why does exercising help reduce heart failure?
Why do you need to be happy?
Why do vegetables lose some of their nutrients during osmosis?
Why is the polio vaccine significant to US history?
Why does girls have mustaches?
Why do babies get frustrated?
Why are processed foods problematic for a person with Celiac disease?
Why does the spine hold up your back?
Why are endocrine glands also called ductless glands?
Why is 96 degree temperature or lower bad for your health?
Why would a mole on my leg feel itchy and have a cold and hot sensation in the surrounding areas?
Why are periods so full of clots?
Why is organic food said to be healthier?
Why would people get pain in their left breast?
Why would you just start feeling a pulse on your upper lip when there has been no trauma to the area?
Why do you enjaculate so early when you jack off?
Why cant antibiotics be used to treat diseases like?
Why are tonsils taken out?
Why is it important for a physician to know the referred pain sites?
Why are most people heterozygous for sickle cell disease generally healthy?
Why do you crave fish?
Why do people sell organs?
Why are you applying for ICU Nurse?
Why do you need to study malnutrition?
Why do tapeworm live in the small intestine?
Why do white cells form around a cut?
Why is eating meat wrong?
Why is Down syndrome recessive?
Why is there a Smell of pollen when you sneeze?
Why do your fingers itch and swell in the cold?
Why is physics needed for nursing?
Why does your left side hurt when you breath?
Why are socially healthy people so socially healthy?
Why do socially healthy people socialize?
Why does your foot smell like vinegar?
Why do torn off nails grow back?
Why are the kidneys and lungs considered part of the excretory system?
Why does an armpit sometimes itch?
Why are neurons different?
Why do you feel sick on your stomach and then really hungry like 10 minutes later?
Why do complex organisms need a circulatory system?
Why does my 2 year old blink and squint a lot?
Why is marijuana a gateway drug?
Why is the oral cavity not listed as a internal body cavity?
Why do some people choose to lead unhealthy lives?
Why do left hands itch?
Why does sulfonamides seen in kermeterus new born?
Why is the ball of your foot and toes are painful when you wake up?
Why do mammals have hearts with two separate sides?
Why would someone choose to defecate and urinate on themselves?
Why are paint fumes bad for the environment?
Why do you vomit bile have no gallbladder?
Why do you not like water?
Why does yawning beget more yawning?
Why does your throat feel cool all the time?
Why do you have a moldy taste in your mouth?
Why do athletes have lower vital signs?
Why are your lips swollen on the inside?
Why should drivers not drink alcohol?
Why is a full rotation called 360 degrees?
Why do you ejaculate a lot?
Why are they called health indicators?
Why is Clara such a famous singer?
Why would stools change to white in colour?
Why is your puppy having seizures and foaming from the mouth?
Why do humans sleep at night?
Why is chloroform irritable?
Why does your hearing get worse as you get older?
Why are people bad and mean?
Why does the intravenous fluid contain only soluble food?
Why is it not safe to drink the water in malabo Africa?
Why do some alcoholics vomit blood?
Why is malaria difficult to control?
Why does athletes foot itch?
Why are the hammer anvil and stirrup called this?
Why is the blood group O so common?
Why do you feel pain on your mid right side?
Why is it important for the health of the nation to eat more fibre?
Why do i feel that im being used?
Why does bread mold faster then cheese?
Why did maccbeth die?
Why is water not a useful liquid for thermometer?
Why does well water suddenly turn brown?
Why do i have Sore lumps under skin?
Why are her periods starting later and becoming lighter each month?
Why might someone eat eyelashes?
Why do people drink sodas?
Why is kastle such a praaot freak?
Why do people need oxygen to survive?
Why is endoscopy considered microscopy?
Why is semen warm?
Why is so little hormone needed to stimulate a target cell?
Why have a holistic model?
Why is fat soluble?
Why are auricular walls thicker than the ventricular walls?
Why is it so hard to live with mitral valve prolapse?
Why does nitrogenous waste form?
Why is the respitory system importat?
Why do people tickle you?
Why does the drug ACTOS cause edema?
Why do flies cause bacterial food poisoning?
Why do you feel sick in the evenings?
Why does my skin itch and burn after using spermicide condoms?
Why are you more likely to become dehydrated in hot weather?
Why do you get boils on your chin?
Why cant you get certain diseases twice?
Why is the respiratory so important?
Why is the characteristic of regularity important?
Why does your 8 year old son wake up crying at night?
Why do I get Numbness in kidney area?
Why do man die?
Why does the tetanus shot hurt?
Why do your feet feel cold when there not?
Why do you get a cold sore every time you begin your period?
Why do eyes dilate on drugs?
Why are anatomy and physiology commonly studied together?
Why is it important to have hygiene in the workplace?
Why does exercise reduce the risk of coronary heart disease?
Why do people need to take in proper and adequate nutrition?
Why are women are prone to have goiter than men?
Why are there no clots during your period?
Why is health care a major problem?
Why is amemia a sypmtom of lead poisoning?
Why is negative feedback critical in the controlling of cortisol levels in the blood?
Why does it cut out with the choke off?
Why would white blood cells block up the alveoli?
Why do you get dropped heartbeat only when falling asleep?
Why are brothers born to be gay?
Why does body hair grow?
Why do you cough up yellow mucus?
Why is your hemoglobin level only 9?
Why have holes on your tonsils?
Why are knees vulnerable?
Why does it sting after you pass urine?
Why do your legs go numb after orgasm?
Why would a person drink themselves to death literally?
Why do the youth use drugs?
Why is alcohol described as a drug?
Why should you take tetanus toxide injection?
Why does your body need fruit and vegetables?
Why do moles have dark hairs?
Why is the least amount of nervous tissue found in the cartilage?
Why would someone say ow?
Why would parathyroid hormone be 377?
Why is the gaseous exchange important to the body functions?
Why are you bleeding clots?
Why are gtp used in protein synthesis?
Why do blood vessels close to the skin become enlarged?
Why do they need to be carefully removed?
Why do woman ejaculate?
Why do you feel dizzy when getting out of bed in the morning?
Why are olfactory neurons so much slower then touch receptors?
Why do some foods have acid?
Why would a doctor suggest a chest x ray and EKG?
Why did your eye recently start twitching?
Why do people keep baby teeth?
Why does juicy juice give me diahrrea?
Why did chijkellock girls die?
Why is photosynthesis anabolic?
Why is head sparing necessary?
Why do different types of training have a positive effect on the muscular system?
Why is Brazil and LEDC Hospitals and Doctors?
Why do some bandages adhere better in water than others?
Why is it essential that a practitioner be knowledgeable in the fields of anatomy and physiology?
Why does mgmt do drugs?
Why do your ears pop when you have a bloody nose for a long time?
Why does God allow depression to exist in the world?
Why is my hemoglobin level double what it should normally be?
Why did the joker die in real life?
Why is the cardiovascular system important to teens?
Why is it important for platelets in the blood to cause clotting?
Why does your chest sometimes hurt when you hiccup?
Why do you close your eyes when sneezing?
Why do you need starch and dietary fibre to be healthy?
Why is massage dangerous for chemotherapy sufferes?
Why does coeliac disease have an effect on growth rate?
Why do people take tablets?
Why does humans need blood to survive?
Why do you crawl when your a baby?
Why is a triangle used for health?
Why do you feel sick after you drink water?
Why is the MMR jab on the news?
Why is health education is important?
Why do halogens dissolve in chloroform?
Why are the dogs balls shrinking?
Why do you use the termsafer sex instead of safe sex?
Why do i have sharp pains in my right upper back when i breath deeply and sneeze?
Why is the stomach important to the human body?
Why am i coughing up green hard flem?
Why does drug approval take so long?
Why does caffeine dehydrate?
Why are cells destroyed by viruses?
Why would a twelve year old boy be worried and uncertain about his sexuality?
Why is kemotheropy done for breast cancer?
Why do you have red blood cells?
Why is DNA usefull?
Why would you get sick from running?
Why does drinking more than a recommended amount of alcohol bad for you?
Why are you worrying about being gay?
Why cant mammals digest cellulose?
Why is the immune system affected by strep throat?
Why is a leaf placed in alchol?
Why do you keep biting your tongue?
Why are health bars healthy?
Why does smoking continue?
Why does your belly button leak?
Why do you need to say no to drugs?
Why does the blood travel to the lungs?
Why does your puppy drink his own urine?
Why would anyone try meth?
Why are computer aficionados and drug addicts both called users?
Why are egg yolks put into shortcrust pastry?
Why is type 2 disease common in the us than in other countries?
Why do you get sores on your esophgus?
Why do you grow old and die?
Why are lung sacs important?
Why does the mercury in a thermometer appear red?
Why do some doctors believe euthanasia is wrong?
Why do gangs sell drugs?
Why is hemoglobin important to the respiratory system?
Why is it important to know about the six dimensions of health?
Why are hospitals so close to the city centre?
Why do adults have a narrower hearing range than children?
Why does your heart rate rise when you see a love interest?
Why is iron dangerous to kidneys?
Why are air sacs in your respiratory system?
Why does the human body have so many organ systems?
Why do your hands tingle and swell?
Why is first pass hepatic metabolism a problem?
Why would a man find comfort in placing his penis in your mouth to fall asleep?
Why are you always tired and feeling hungry?
Why do you have a permanent iron taste in your mouth?
Why does a nurse debride an wound?
Why is your left testical half the size or more smaller then your other?
Why does muscle control return after nerve fibres are severed?
Why are the cells in lacunae?
Why is pfizer buying wyeth?
Why does the mucus layer in the bronchiole decrease in size when someone smokes?
Why does being on an antibotic for a long period of time cause a vitamin k defficency?
Why are inflammations painful?
Why are earaches common when you have a sore throat?
Why should a platelet not be called a cell?
Why does hydrogen peroxide bubble on an open cut but not on unbroken skin?
Why does my girlfriend have swollen lips after fellatio?
Why is water so essential for life?
Why is scurvy called sailors disease?
Why do hospitals use ici?
Why is cowmilk important to children?
Why does excretory system important?
Why does asthma conern children today?
Why is mrsa such a problem in hospitals?
Why do people smoke if the know its bad for your health?
Why is the skin related to the cardiovascular system?
Why do doctors prescribe diuretics?
Why would someone have platelets as low as 5000?
Why do neurologist work on the brain?
Why do your fingernails turn blueish purple?
Why are some people always sick even if they eat healthy?
Why does milk go off after pasteuration?
Why does turtles have a disease?
Why does your breath betray that you are drunk even after you have eaten so much and done other things to suppress smell?
Why does the Iodine help the goiter?
Why is artificial skin bad?
Why do you crave laundry detergent?
Why is it that the brain is the most important bone in our body?
Why is communicable called a disease?
Why are unsaturated fatty acids bad for health?
Why is it called a widows peak?
Why would u put that question on here?
Why does a twenty eight year old married man urinate in his sleep at night?
Why does a twenty year old married man pee in his sleep at night?
Why are fingers on your hand different in size For what reason if any?
Why is the outer part of the earths core liquid?
Why is good health is necessary?
Why do people have to have bone marrow transplants?
Why does pseudomonas aeruginosa klebsiella pneumoniae and enterobacter agglomerans cause similar symptoms?
Why is salt not put in antacid tablets?
Why did the Beatles take drugs?
Why cant I controll myself in class?
Why is it that sometimes suboxone feels good and sometimes its horrible?
Why do you have to watch telivesyen?
Why is honey cinnamon lethal if using anticoagulants ir aspirin every day?
Why do girls wear panties over a g string?
Why does the skin peel off on the face suddenly for no reason?
Why does dove soap not explode in the microwave?
Why are you still having discomfort after two days after a colonoscopy?
Why is high liver enzyme count in child?
Why do people make drugs?
Why are phospholipids not essential nutrient?
Why are the backs of your arms red and cold?
Why does your rectrum burn and itch after stools?
Why does stomach hurt when you push on it?
Why is cardiovascular endurance needed when swimming?
Why does mold cause disease?
Why do you increase fluids for people with respiratory disease?
Why are nuts and berries good for you?
Why was the NHS set up?
Why does smoking reduce brain activity?
Why is health care important to the world?
Why is it important to have clean air?
Why do you feel so depressed if you do not get enough sleep?
Why do people say hair is dead but it grows?
Why is my urine orange?
Why is MY pee orange?
Why would a EKG be done for a patient having shortness of breath?
Why did your foot suddenly become numb?
Why do people bring a first aid kit on deserted island?
Why do your stomachs need acid?
Why do you die when you get ran over?
Why do people choke?
Why are some psychoactive drugs legal?
Why is body temperataure regulation important?
Why is water needed in life?
Why is a third degree burn considered as a serious injury?
Why is variety important in evolution?
Why did albertosaurus die out?
Why are elements useful?
Why was drugs invented?
Why should drugs be legal?
Why is it important to maintain a good health?
Why do doctors call depression a disorder?
Why have boys got nipples?
Why do people get the symptoms from measles?
Why are drugs so prevalent in American society?
Why do peaople die?
Why did mathias schleidan die?
Why is the spleen so important?
Why is the process of protein synthesis important?
Why was the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation started?
Why would you need a encephalotomy?
Why do healthy choices affect the health of a teen?
Why can you survive without a gallbladder?
Why is the side of your tongue sore?
Why is health and hygiene practiced in salons?
Why does your stomach ache?
Why is the blood less acidic?
Why does excessive alcohol drinking cause pancreatitis?
Why do people say air is the ocean you breathe?
Why is D5W used in patient with CHF?
Why does the spinal cord break so easily?
Why does the acid hurt the esophagus but not the stomach?
Why are hybrids sterile?
Why is dopamine important to the human body?
Why should essential oils be stored out of sunlight?
Why is tap water different in strenght in different places?
Why cant type A donate to type B?
Why is gas from a volcano toxic?
Why do rats sneeze?
Why does gaseous exchange happen quicker when you are exercising?
Why are oral and dental health important in good nutrition?
Why is the human eye an organ?
Why is gum bad for your health or body?
Why are little toes vestigial?
Why is it important that waste materials be excreted from the body?
Why is a saturated fat solid at room temperature?
Why are thermometers made with alcohol instead of water?
Why is blood called the Tissue of Life?
Why is prespiration a cooling process?
Why is professionalism important in medical law and ethics?
Why does your lower abdomen hurt?
Why do kookaburras get lice?
Why is the nucleotide sequence important?
Why do girls urinate while having sex sometimes?
Why does your body s tay at 37 degrees?
Why is First Class Mobility still in business?
Why are some drugs prescribed?
Why do patients with malarial diseases have low red blood cell count?
Why does dark soda have the worst effect on teeth than light soda?
Why does oxygen have uses?
Why did you have a brownish discharge at the end of your period?
Why does the funeral home paint the fingers nails of the dead?
Why do pollen grains require a source of energy to form a pollen tube?
Why is zinc good for your health?
Why would your toenail fall off if there is no injury?
Why is it important to practice personal hygiene?
Why should you get a physical exam?
Why are different diseases found in different places?
Why is rugby commonly used inhalant?
Why is the death rate so high in Africa?
Why is your physical surroundings important to your health?
Why is fish oil good for you and other meat oils are bad for you?
Why might some bones fail to work if a bone is broken?
Why does farting feel good?
Why did I have my period 3 times in one month after 6 weeks?
Why is it that people wants to try drugs?
Why do you need to thermometer your body?
Why does kerala have low infant mortality rate?
Why does one keep waking up before the alarm?
Why do people chew gum annoyingly?
Why was the dialysis machine invented?
Why is Ecsatasy such a dangerous drug to take?
Why is wealth better than health?
Why are you vomiting black bile?
Why does the voice sound different in different languages?
Why should you wear condoms?
Why are your thighs and legs stiff after sitting or lying?
Why are guns and ammunations usually associated with drugs?
Why do people need salt?
Why is this question under a health category?
Why do people take hallucinogen drug?
Why is your lip numb?
Why is the pituary gland called the master gland?
Why is the butt called gluteus maximus?
Why do all old people smell the same?
Why do Taste buds change every 7 years?
Why do some people have more melanin than others?
Why does your lower side of back hurt after falling down stairs hurts to breath and walk?
Why do use micrsopec?
Why is there only seven cervical vertebrae?
Why do you have vaccinations?
Why does blue cross allowed amount for cpaps not cover the cost of the cpap?
Why did martin Lawrence do drugs?
Why do people grow hair on there fingers and nails?
Why dobirds die parrecet?
Why were antibiotics so important?
Why does the bannana turn brown?
Why would a person have a ringing in their ear that last for more than a day but have never had it happen before?
Why do you need to wear safety goggles when using chemicals or heating during a science experiment?
Why would you miss your period for two months after having ovary removed?
Why do cockroacches lie on their back when they die?
Why does his erection last longer when he takes pain medications than when he does not?
Why is the drug Taxol valuable to humans?
Why does your foot get stiff?
Why is the cardiac muscle striated?
Why do people use inhalants?
Why is your eyesight staticky when your eyes are open?
Why do people used drugs?
Why is MRSA so bad for UK hospitals?
Why would you want to start?
Why does your feces smell so bad after drinking?
Why are there smoke stacks by hospitals?
Why do boxers have seizures?
Why do you have grey hands?
Why are the components of urine considered waste fluids?
Why are some babies immune to measles?
Why have numbers of food poisonings risen?
Why does the human body need so many levels of regulation?
Why does an egg need salt water to float?
Why does your butt sweat when you have to poop?
Why are tires health hazards?
Why is cancer called a genetic disease?
Why is your cervix painful?
Why is your stooling black in color always?
Why are feet sore all day even when waking up in the morning?
Why is health such a complex issue?
Why is it necessary for the heart wall to receive its own blood supply?
Why do healthcare assistants need good vocational skills?
Why does the human tongue have so many taste buds on it?
Why is obesity a problem in society?
Why is there no pain when a splinter is removed?
Why does your head spin when you look down or get up?
Why is mumps dangerous?
Why are mumps dangerous?
Why do you want to work in the health department?
Why is gender a factor that contribute to diversity and influence the equality of individuals in society?
Why is the thoracic duct larger than the right duct?
Why do kids throw up?
Why is malaria not common in the US?
Why are joints needed in the arm?
Why does your feces smell so bad?
Why is scientific naming important to the study of medicine?
Why do people take drug?
Why do you drink soda?
Why are secondary bronchi called lobar bronchi?
Why would someone be not immune to hepatitis?
Why do you get shooting pain in your head on the right side but only last a few seconds?
Why is blood pressure measured in mmHg?
Why are patients with pheochromocytoma constipated?
Why can the 12 circumstances can your personal health information be used for purposes unrelated to health care an why?
Why has autism increased?
Why is the rate of relaxation much slower after tetanus than after a single twitch?
Why do men have a greater risk of heart attack than women?
Why do you get dizzy when you stand up too fast?
Why does it smell like feces when the heater is on?
Why do people with tinnitus hear what they hear?
Why should you breath through your nose and not your mouth?
Why would melanoma tumors calcify?
Why do you need to eat gogrowand glow foods?
Why does not fatigue away after acute mono?
Why are pickels green?
Why did shelsilversten die?
Why do you get a muscle pull in your leg?
Why do short people poke tall people and tall people wont see the short people?
Why is life so miserable?
Why do I have seizures in your sleep?
Why is the cerebrum so wrinkled?
Why is the aorta wall thcik?
Why do we have blood cells?
Why are people angry or irritable just after they awake from sleeping?
Why are people angry or irritable upon waking up from sleeping?
Why do your eyes move in REM sleep?
Why do you sequence DNA?
Why is pain control such an important part of the treatment of an illness?
Why would caffeine make you dizzy?
Why is the endocrine system part of the regulatory system?
Why are your eyes closed when you sneeze?
Why do twins have a higher chance of shaken baby syndrome than single infants?
Why do twins have a higher chance of shaken baby syndrome than single infants?
Why is self resoponsibility so important to develop when teaching health?
Why should you support breast cancer survivers?
Why did George Washington Carver have anemia?
Why is milk sometimes pasteurzed?
Why is malaria a particular problem in Asia Africa and south and central America?
Why is it against health codes to refill a styrofoam cup?
Why does nondisjunction happen?
Why do most people float higher than others?
Why is muscle tissue not found in plants?
Why does white flower gives us refreshment?
Why is it bad to sleep over 10 hours?
Why do some contraceptive pills contain oestrogen?
Why does COSHH matter?
Why are Fats important to the body?
Why do you get constipated from medication and drugs?
Why did the word Hippocrates come from the person hippocrate?
Why do you have horrmons?
Why did Eisenhower respond to the crisis in Taiwan?
Why are the number of cases of tuberculosis increasing?
Why are there serious birth defects due to German measles during the trimester?
Why do people try drugs?
Why is beef gelatin in flour?
Why should you keep water from sunlight when doing an experiment?
Why is it necessary to have first aid provision and what is advisable?
Why does your tongue hurt when you touch the bumps on the tip of your tongue?
Why do a diabetic person sometimes need to eat a lump of sugar?
Why is it easy to tear a tendon or ligament?
Why is skin so easy to scrape?
Why do people sell illegal drugs?
Why is it Important for teens to be active?
Why do you need tissue?
Why do you have pollution problems?
Why do cerebral hemisphere acts contralaterally?
Why does the children heartbeat faster then the adult?
Why do you vaccinate against disease?
Why is lactic acid formed even when an athelete is breathing oxygen?
Why does the recnum itch?
Why is malaria not common in Texas today?
Why do kangaroos have long eyelashes?
Why is a hinge joint called a hinge joint?
Why does the number of strands of hair on a human head vary with color?
Why do you need to drink at least 1 litre of water a day?
Why did Obama do drugs?
Why do you wake from your sleep up to 3 times a night?
Why is mononucleosis harder on athletes?
Why has Lipitor been changed to a tier 3 instead of tier 2?
Why is healthy skin important?
Why does residual air volume increase in a person with emphysema?
Why should you know about Ben Carson?
Why are you addicted to sex with your husband?
Why is it ethyl alcohol cannot be replaced by methyl alcohol?
Why do your thighs tingle after work out?
Why do you get a headache when you get heartburn?
Why are diseases bad?
Why is sprain a contraindication to massage?
Why do smokers have an increased incidence of respiratory inections?
Why do you have cramps two weeks after your period?
Why is carbon dioxide used in the packaging of fresh tuna to be eaten by humans and what effects does that have on us?
Why are tendons important in the muscles ability to move bone?
Why does salt cause high cholesterol?
Why does the doctors in the hospitals be allowed to kill people?
Why are you swelling at the injection site several days after an IV?
Why is coke healthier than juice?
Why is sex good for you when youre ill?
Why do stitches dissolve?
Why was this odd?
Why does your uti keep coming back?
Why is saline solution given to patients who are dehydrated?
Why is Drug and Alcohol use in The Outsiders wrong?
Why do you ejaculate so fast and how to fix it?
Why does the human body need nutrients?
Why do some shots have to given in the butt?
Why do you get post prandial hypoglycemia after peptic ulcer surgery?
Why are waffle houses bathrooms so nasty?
Why do you have yellow urine stains before going to the bathroom?
Why are drugs being continued?
Why is being active good for the body?
Why do your arms get weak when you are tickled?
Why are drugs not good for you?
Why do your hip feel stiff when moving?
Why does impacted fecal matter expand during colon cleaning?
Why do you open my mouth while sleeping?
Why is the muscular system system important to your body?
Why are secondary structures of protein important?
Why does your 4 year old have a low grade fever a week after antibiotic for a sinus infection?
Why is bargain help so expensive?
Why does annorexia affect young girls the most?
Why cant you live if the mid brain gets damaged?
Why might someone with kidney disease suffer from anemia?
Why do protozoa eat?
Why was the medicine quinine named quinine?
Why is the spleen important?
Why do diabetics receive insulin subcutaneously by infection rather than orally?
Why do people have boils?
Why do your earlobes burn?
Why does your left arm go to sleep often?
Why do you pee when you ejaculate?
Why does your apendix get infected?
Why am I experiencing brown spotting after my period which started two days after a pap smear?
Why are boys and girls now vaccinated against rubella?
Why is cancer non communicable?
Why is knowing your heart rate important to your health?
Why is there a brown coating on the tongue?
Why does grinding liver cause an increase reaction?
Why is your hip stiff and painful during the day?
Why do traits such as human height show a very wide range of variations?
Why did Elvis die from drugs?
Why is HIV considered such a serious disease?
Why is feedback inhibition important to the human endocrine system?
Why are platelets important to the body?
Why is exercise contraindicated in someone with low hemoglobin?
Why do people who suffer from depression taking medication are still very depressed?
Why is my top lip two colors?
Why do you have bogey in your nose?
Why would your spleen hurt?
Why do patients with high fever feel tired and listless?
Why is it necessary to vaccinate against tetanus only every 10 years though antibodies against disappeared from circulatiuon with in a year?
Why are encapsulated strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae much more likely to cause disease?
Why are some bones broken more frequently?
Why do some diesel enginens need ether?
Why would a doctor order a ct after colonoscopy?
Why should kids hanve recess?
Why do they record mediation in hospitals?
Why is the endocrine glands called ductless glands?
Why are lichens a good indicator of the environments health?
Why is it important to keep a hospital ward clean?
Why is it important to keep a hospital ward clean and tidy?
Why are you bleeding 3 days after your period?
Why is chewing gum in class good?
Why did Michael Phelps take drugs?
Why are inhalants dangerous?
Why are cancer cells dangerous?
Why do people use the drug ice?
Why could it be one tonsil bigger than the other it is bumped round Throat pain swelling in right side of neck nose is kind of blocked and dry Throat pains after drinking citrus juice?
Why is the germ cell important?
Why was worcester state mental hospital closed?
Why does your body need a very small amount of iron?
Why do so many people use convenient food?
Why is the problem when the heart pains?
Why is the hypothalamus important for survival?
Why do smokers lungs get clogged with mucus?
Why is the respiratory important to the body?
Why are low level Mutations advantageous to an organism?
Why do corrections to medical records have to be date and time stamped?
Why do you get a stomach ache when you eat sour kraut?
Why is albinism more common in Nigeria?
Why is there a decrease in red blood cells with renal failure?
Why is mercy killing illegal?
Why do you have blood in your bodies?
Why does snakes eyes change colors?
Why does the anus bleed?
Why is it concerning if community members get a lifestyle disease?
Why are lymphocytes infected by HIV particles many years after macrophages are infected?
Why do people get addicted to drugs or alcohol?
Why do you burp all day?
Why do people become addicted to drugs?
Why are short people heavier than tall people?
Why do fingernails crack down the center?
Why has my Child got blisters on his tongue?
Why should they employ you?
Why does your cervix move?
Why does paint mostly contain transition metals?
Why is it bad if you have a lack of iron?
Why is lee Douglas growing a beard?
Why can Licking a spoon and putting it back into food cause food poisoning?
Why do red blood cells shrink to half the size?
Why should women know their blood types?
Why is there pain in the upper quad of right leg?
Why are you not able to hold your urine?
Why do so many children have autism?
Why does a belly button smell?
Why do dogs maintain better oral hygiene than humans do?
Why should snowboarders be prepared to render first aid?
Why did your condom break when you used vegetable oil for lube?
Why is chromium bad for people who are diabetics?
Why is diabetes a deadly disease?
Why is type2 diabetes a deadly disease?
Why might an adult have fewer teeth than 32?
Why is saturated fat good for us?
Why are some fats solid at room temperature and others not?
Why does a infarction in the ventricular wall often leads to sudden death while an infarction in the atrial wall is less likely to cause death?
Why does a infarction in the ventricular wal often leads to sudden death while an infarction in the atrial wall is less likely to cause death?
Why would semen be a dark color?
Why is shingles so painful?
Why do people lose their sense of taste and smell?
Why are your bogeys green?
Why do athletes have a higher endurance?
Why would your sternum pop?
Why do people smuggle drugs?
Why am I not feeling an appitite?
Why is cholesterol vital for health?
Why does the average plant have more stomata on the undersides of its leaves than on the top?
Why is your sperm pink?
Why would you want your hand to swell?
Why can a A blood type person receive blood from O type donor?
Why do some people get stronger as they get older with no working out?
Why do you have so many upper respiratory infections?
Why does each vertebra have a hole that goes through it?
Why does a leukemia patient get NaHCO3?
Why is your perineum sore while sitting Sore perineum when sitting?
Why would severe pneumonia not be any better after 2 days of antibiotic treatment?
Why is my husband is having a pain in his groin when he has an erection after his vasectomy?
Why does oxygen help a sore muscle?
Why is physical activity good for your intestinal health?
Why has yellow fever and Malaria been a problem for Africa?
Why is a left carpal tunnel release performed?
Why can acidity in your skin turn your skin colors?
Why are they called permanent teeth?
Why do Cancer patients often develop endocrine disorders?
Why are feet and hands blue?
Why did Massachusetts turn down the nurse licensure compact?
Why does it mean to have thick blood?
Why is your brain protected with something hard?
Why do people turn pale when they are Dehydrated?
Why does a very high fever often cause a person to have hallucinations?
Why does your pee smell every time you do it?
Why is Amazon builing more warehouses as it grows?
Why is that the middleweught limit is 160 lbs?
Why is your Left testicle still sore 5 days after vasectomy is this common?
Why do people use e numbers?
Why does time pass faster when your asleep?
Why does the Left side of your face and scalp hurt?
Why do people carry a donor card?
Why is urine important to the body?
Why are Carbohydrates essential for type 1 diabetes?
Why is blood in the hepatic portal system carried to the liver before it enters the systemic circulation?
Why would I have bloody scabs inside my nose and my nose was not bleeding?
Why is the eye the fastest healing part of the human body?
Why is diastolic pressure smaller than systolic pressure?
Why is reflection of light important?
Why are insoluble fiber and soluble fiber important to your health?
Why is mononucleosis called Glandular Fever?
Why is hear disease most common disease?
Why does CK level increases during myocardial infarction?
Why do muscular system works in teams?
Why does mitral valve prolapse occur more than tricuspid valve prolapse?
Why did a McDonalds employee ejaculate in your grandmothers milkshake?
Why are gram negative diseases more serious then gram positive?
Why do I fall asleep not long after i get up in the morning?
Why are rayons not built up in statics?
Why do breathing rate is faster in women than in men?
Why do you have to cough to get your bowel movements to pass?
Why was a stethoscope invented?
Why does climate control nail growth?
Why is depression common among teens?
Why did Louise Boyd die?
Why are the present treatments for CF not considered to be a cure for the disease?
Why do you want to volunteer at childrens hospital?
Why is it important to eat healthy while pregnant?
Why did Elvis go back on drugs?
Why are you getting pins and needles on your tongue and lips?
Why is it possible for viral diseases to go undetected for years?
Why does a rat die from pneumonia bacteria?
Why does a child have a Rh negative if the mother and father have a Rh positive?
Why do tissues need blood?
Why is the ureter important?
Why should people come there?
Why are the liver and gallbladder so close together?
Why is fructose needed in plants?
Why do sports make us healthy?
Why does sand paper make you itch?
Why was he in portont?
Why did King Pratagaus die?
Why does oxygen need to get around the body quicker?
Why does the heart rate of a fish decrease in cold water?
Why is it so important that surgeons scrub their hands prior to surgery even though they wear rubber gloves?
Why do employer drug test?
Why is it easy to get food poisoning from rice?
Why do you get dizzy after you eat?
Why does the ear canal often get blocked with wax and what effect does this have on hearing?
Why does a patient with a liver and gallbladder disease have to be on a fat restricted diet?
Why does drinking water help your body?
Why is CO2 commonly called dry ice?
Why do you have pains your big toe?
Why are unsaturated fats liquid at room temperature?
Why doenst mom have to worry if her child hplds his breath?
Why does the butt sweat?
Why does moms breath smell so bad?
Why are you so depressed after leaving your narcissistic fiance?
Why is it necessary to have blood clots?
Why do you feel nervous and shake on your period?
Why does the muscular system need the circulatory system?
Why are fevers considered helpful?
Why do you have phlegm?
Why are you still thirsty if you drink four litres every day?
Why does a cell grow between mitosis?
Why does your left side by your lower left rib cage hurt and your back?
Why is glucose important in blood?
Why did King Pratasugas die?
Why do people use speed drug?
Why does a midwife need science?
Why is the adrenal medullad a misplaced sympathetic neuron?
Why do you have sore nippels you are a male?
Why is feces green or brown?
Why do white blood cells have flexible cell membranes?
Why do people still see the pyramids?
Why does a nurse shark?
Why should you consider the war on drugs your war?
Why is Marijuana a popular drug for kids?
Why does mercury move along the thermometer when it is heated?
Why is Lyme disease classified as an emerging infection?
Why is heart rate max lower in cycle test then in treadmill test?
Why are you tired with charcot Marie tooth?
Why does paper beat rock in rock paper scissors?
Why did heath ledger do drugs?
Why is it called huntingtons disease?
Why do black beans grow taller than white beans?
Why is your blood creating histamines?
Why are people heterozygous for the sickle cell allele generally healthy and resistant to malaria?
Why should you do it?
Why do children and youth need calcium?
Why did the US military invent the flu shot?
Why does a teenage boy need certain nutrients?
Why was MrKraler in the hospital?
Why do people eat gum?
Why does red means hot and blue means cold?
Why does the prevalence of cardiovascular disorders increase with age?
Why is the pancreas considered part of the digestive system?
Why do people get crooked teeth?
Why do people hold gluttony contests?
Why has your knee has been watering for 2 hours?
Why does your penis spit at you for rubbing it?
Why does Cheddar cause your intestines to cramp and bloat?
Why does Advair cause leg muscle spasm?
Why does euthanasia never accept by the religion sector?
Why are Tiny black streaks on your fingernails related to heart problems?
Why do you all of a sudden crave ice?
Why do pandas sneeze?
Why do you cramp during your period?
Why do MY feet smell like ammonia?
Why is their so much nitrogen in the atmosphere?
Why does your body need oxygen to survive?
Why is your dogs urine so yellow?
Why do some cells change during their life span?
Why are you sweating when you sleep?
Why should Dr Fiona Wood receive more funding?
Why does your feet have a burning sensation in summer only in spite of not being a diabetic or have hyper acidity?
Why is heart disease often called a traitor disease?
Why does it itch around the abdomen after undergoing abdominal hysterectomy?
Why would Christians believe in Euthanasia?
