Why was Texas denied in statehood for many years?
Why are many crime statistics expressed as rates?
Why might colonist support freedom of the press?
Why is friday called friday?
Why are churches so important?
Why is inexperience green?
Why is drafting important to your society?
Why is studying early humans so hard?
Why do Americans hate Russia?
Why would being ruled by a tyrant be a good thing?
Why do Daoists advocate living in total simplicity?
Why did settlers move westward?
Why is jurisprudence important?
Why is the emancipation proclamation important today?
Why did the spanish invade the Aztec empire?
Why was Prohibition so important to Al Capone?
Why did India and Pakistan break apart?
Why do people hate the Japanese since without them you would not have a lot of electronics?
Why were the French in Vietnam?
Why was the battle at Yarmuk in 636 significant?
Why is norway rich?
Why was rural to urban migration essential to industrialization?
Why did people in the Fertile Crescent grow more food than they needed?
Why does industrialization have negative consequences?
Why might men hesitate to give women education and equality under the law?
Why should the US and the world in general be concerned with nuclear development in North Korea?
Why is fresh water important to a civilization?
Why are ranchos and favelas growing?
Why was Arius wrong in his teachings about the blessed trinity?
Why did the colonists find the Intolerable Acts so intolerable?
Why was the treaty of versi signed?
Why is the leek the national emblem of wales?
Why do we learn about history when it is in the past?
Why did the scientific revolution happen?
Why did the South surrender to the North at the end of the US Civil War?
Why is 1792 an important year in the history of the NYSE?
Why does the day of the dead take place in November?
Why did framers of the constitution have two different parts of congress?
Why did slavery become illegal?
Why is the Missouri compromise important?
Why did the Irish want to be independent from Britain?
Why did the Mayans build monuments?
Why does racism exist?
Why was teaching considered a proper occupation for a woman?
Why are women valued so little in Libya?
Why is World War 1 an important event in world history?
Why didnt america initially join WW2?
Why was archbishop trevor huddleston succesfull what did he achive?
Why was Patrick Henry important?
Why does racism persist while overt prejudice is less prevalent?
Why do some people hate Americans?
Why did the explorers create the slave market in the New World?
Why did Western Civilization become the dominate civilization in the modern world?
Why is surrey located where it is?
Why are western states larger than northeastern states?
Why was leland stanford famous?
Why is light important to human life?
Why does the UK is more developed than Ghana?
Why did the poll tax appear?
Why was colonial New York founded?
Why did the Indians use a bola?
Why did people move to America?
Why should you study history?
Why was Cortez the explorer so successful?
Why is it important to remember the past?
Why did western nations imperialized each region?
Why do English women wear veils when they get married?
Why is constitution of India partly rigid and partly flexible?
Why was the xylophone invented?
Why was William Wallace a hero?
Why did japan expand into Asia before world war two?
Why did the federalist want to support England?
Why does everybody hate on the Latin Kings?
Why is the role of women so hard to change?
Why have policies of multiculturalism been introduced in US government agencies and universities?
Why are Americans afraid of communism?
Why would the government protect fishing industry by preventing other countries from fishing inside the 200 nautical mile limit?
Why was agriculture necessary for the development of civilization?
Why should boys have all the fun?
Why has a black never been president?
Why is Samuel colt important for the history?
Why do people still live in volcanic areas despite the dangers it poses?
Why was Maximilien Robespierre executed?
Why was pacific crest trail constructed?
Why does globalization work?
Why is mesopotamia called the cradle of civilization?
Why did king Louis 16 run to austria?
Why do people use monarchy governments?
Why are powers of government are divided?
Why were the 1920s referred to as the roaring 20s or the booming 20s?
Why are Americans complacent in political elections then after the damage become activist?
Why has Israel allocated a large part of its national production to maintaining one of the most highly trained and best equipped military forces in the world?
Why did Henry broke with rome?
Why is my name Grant?
Why did the week originate?
Why did hittler Jews?
Why was there a divide of the developed countries and the developing countries after the Rio summit?
Why were the internment camps opened?
Why did the black panther party end?
Why is an agrarian based society often bad for a country?
Why do hunting and gathering societies still exist?
Why did the parliament pass the coercive act?
Why is it that in Europe and other countries when something is unfair to the people the people come together right away to protest before it does damage?
Why were powdered wigs worn in the 18th century?
Why do Mexicans come to America?
Why did the US want independence?
Why do great people inspire us?
Why did the phoney war end?
Why is it important to study physical geography?
Why was it so difficult for the Framers to reach agreement about how to resolve their conflicts?
Why does lower labor costs in other countries lead to job loss in the united state?
Why do they call the representatives at the world summits the G8?
Why do Americans have a difficult time understanding extreme poverty in Africa?
Why did the Japanese bomb pearl habour?
Why should the US and other selected countries have the right to own nuclear weapons while other countries are denied that right?
Why did WTO start?
Why is storytelling important to cultures and societies?
Why were the battles of Lexington and Concord important to the American revolution?
Why did king Henry shut down all the monks monastries?
Why do we have the two minutes of silence on Rememberance Day?
Why were toilets invented?
Why was propaganda used?
Why does Iowa have a caucus and not a primary?
Why did colonists challenge the rule of governor Edmund andros?
Why have black people been treated so harshly?
Why do many rich people refuse to ride in limosines?
Why does the spanish language use upside down exclamation points and question marks?
Why is the fossil record not complete?
Why does almost everyone believe that they are well above average intelligence?
Why do rich never look at the poor?
Why did the colonies dislike the stamp act law?
Why was new Netherlands founded?
Why is James Doolittle important?
Why is Samudra Gupta called the king of hundred battles?
Why did Parliament decide to keep the tax on tea?
Why did they need a first continental congress?
Why has so much gold jewelry survived since ancient times?
Why did they call the Bahamas the Bahamas?
Why is shaikh zayed is famous?
Why did Europeon nations seek a sea route to Asia?
Why was there resistance at first to women working in war plants?
Why did kings use slaves to build their empires?
Why was the first Australian colony important to the Europeans?
Why did the Jews escape from Adolf Hitler?
Why did a country want to conquer Egypt?
Why did the Celts choose a crow and a bear as a pet?
Why does America fight in wars?
Why were the fireside chats called the fireside chats?
Why is there technically only 4 great lakes?
Why did Irish people come to Canada?
Why did the pilgrims build the mayflower?
Why might an interdict be effective than excommunication in convincing a lord to obey the church?
Why did the stock market go down in 1929?
Why did people in the 16th century believe in witches?
Why did apartheid happened?
Why were napalm bombs used in the Vietnam war?
Why did the Europeans start using indentures?
Why do some people say the 20th century began in 1914?
Why did the classical period end?
Why did Russian communists not like religion?
Why do genocides occur?
Why was the ceiling of the Pantheon dimpled like a golf ball?
Why is King George important?
Why did Papua New Guinea come under US protection?
Why did Cubans migrate to Miami?
Why was the US able to buy Louisiana at a low price?
Why is Nebraska called The Cornhusker state?
Why was William Berkeley so important?
Why did the British control India differently from the way they controlled China?
Why is Horlick High School named after William Horlick?
Why do geniuses die early?
Why does having a horse in a battle help you?
Why did the British and French want to control the Ohio Valley?
Why did the US protect Seoul during the Korean war?
Why is Afghanistan called a landlocked country?
Why was June 61944 an important day in the course of the war?
Why is piccard famous?
Why did Henry Hudson search for the Northwest Passage?
Why are short people always disrespected?
Why is nationalism outmolded?
Why did lord berkely and sir george carteret look for New Jersey?
Why did idi amin expell asians from Uganda?
Why did the Mexicans win the Battle of the Alamo?
Why did Spain settle in the new world?
Why did nations form the European Union?
Why did slavery start?
Why do some people believe John Harvard should apologize to the aboriginal community of Canada?
Why do people in Europe drive on the left side of the road?
Why is the US known for helping other countries?
Why did Europeans come to South America?
Why would a shortage of OPEC oil at current market prices increase oil prices?
Why do people hate other people?
Why did nationalism replace religion as the main influence on western politics?
Why did banks close during the Great Depression and How?
Why was the brookln bridge built?
Why are there slaves?
Why did Europeans begin to explore the Americas?
Why was Spam invented?
Why did franacis Scott key wrote the star spangle banner?
Why is the US believed to be the worlds greatest symbol of freedom if its the country with the largest percentage of its population in prison?
Why is a flag important for a country?
Why did farmers support bimetallism?
Why is it that the entry for Edwin Warren Moise is incorrectly written Edward Warren Moise?
Why was John Rogers killed by Mary Tudor?
Why did the Europeans seek for a water route to Asia?
Why was the pantheon built?
Why did Margaret want to be a spy?
Why is there existence of the universe?
Why do you think some countries in Europe started to have dictators as leaders?
Why did they name the USS Oklahoma Oklahoma?
Why was Texas denied in statehood?
Why do African countries speak European languages?
Why did Tripoli declare war on the US?
Why is poverty so important?
Why are hills called young?
Why are people xenophobic?
Why do people need to know history if you were really intrusted in it then you can learn it but otherwise whats the point no one really cares?
Why did the lookouts and ships officers not see the iceberg?
Why did king Henry Tudor want a son?
Why does the senate approve treaties?
Why did the US want to stop the spread of communism?
Why is Guatemala city the capital of Guatemala?
Why was New Jersey found?
Why did northerners and southerners disagree about annexing Texas?
Why did the Americans think that Japan would never surrender in World War 2?
Why were Indians put onto reserved land in Canada?
Why did sailors spend so much time swabbing the deck Can ship decks be that dirty or did wooden ships with wooden decks need swabbing to keep the wood wet and swollen?
Why were allied soldiers sent to Turkey in 1915?
Why was the town of clydebank blitzed?
Why did atlas get a book fo maps named after him?
Why is a police man known as a copper?
Why did the Soviet Union want to take over Eastern Europe after 1945?
Why was the bill of rights made?
Why did racism happen?
Why do people want power?
Why do rockabilly guys wear bandanas hanging from their pocket?
Why is child porn illegal?
Why did they name a part of Columbia MD Owen Brown?
Why did Europeans come to the US?
Why do refugees leave their homeland?
Why did Europeans want to find a new trading route to Asia?
Why does mlk spend a month in India?
Why did the Nazis take shoes from the Jews?
Why was Ford elected to vice president?
Why do you think farmers may want to know how an insect pest reproduce?
Why did the cotton gin increase slavery?
Why was New York founded in 1609?
Why did World War One happen?
Why did the final solution wanted to kill the Jewish people?
Why did Jamestown turn out yo be a poor chice for a settle?
Why did Hitler pick Jews and nobody else?
Why is bread so important?
Why do so many countries speak French?
Why dont italians speak Latin?
Why did English people come to the US?
Why dont toilets in South America go counter clockwise?
Why is the iceman from 5300 years ago so important?
Why do you need computer ethics?
Why was john Hancock the first person to sign the delcaration of independence?
Why was the battle of tippecaoe important in William Henry harrisons life?
Why did aboriginals migrate to Australia from south east Asia?
Why did the white settlers move west?
Why is Paul Revere famous?
Why is school out for election day?
Why did the Greek citizens build the Parthenon?
Why did the colonists have conflicts with the Native Americans?
Why was the airplane created?
Why did people make buildings in the 1600s?
Why is a planes flight recorder called a black box?
Why is Carnaval celebrated?
Why was MLK arrested in 1956?
Why does one need sovereignty?
Why have some countries in Central America and Caribbean had trouble establishing democracies?
Why did they say no man is island?
Why are pennies put on a grave?
Why were colonies formed?
Why were people willing to die for their religion in sixteenth century?
Why might part of north America be straight and oters crooked?
Why do immigrants continue to come to the United states?
Why did french people come to America?
Why is America called the melting pot?
Why was there a need for Germany before 1871?
Why is black history month important?
Why is slavery wrong?
Why is polpot a villain?
Why was yellow journalism used?
Why are orientals called zipper heads?
Why were people forced to do the death marches?
Why are anthems written?
Why is the US the most political and economically stable country?
Why does Cambodia speak french?
Why is protection an important government purpose?
Why do people hate grape flavored medicine?
Why were the colonies important in the theory of mercantilism?
Why did the Russians accept the totalitarian rule of communist dictators?
Why is prejudice such a destructive force in society?
Why is it important to learn about history?
Why is government necessary?
Why do marching soldiers start on the left foot?
Why are there so many nasty people in the world?
Why was freedom of the press so important?
Why do many Americans believe that their people have always lived in the Americas?
Why are ships afraid of ice?
Why was the American economy was Allies best weapon?
Why are men more important then ladies?
Why was the declaration of human rights written?
Why do gang members tattoo stars on their forearm?
Why is Putin likely to win?
Why do people have first names?
Why do you celebrate 21 years?
Why did martin king become a leader?
Why are we here?
Why is the world so corruptive?
Why was la grande arche built?
Why do rednecks keep junk in their back yards?
Why did the British tax in the revolutionary war?
Why was the 13th amendment necessary?
Why are Americans stereotypically stupid?
Why did the US want the Philippine islands?
Why do fundamentalists insist on a literal interpretation of the Bible?
Why was there Riots in England?
Why did Jacob grimm die?
Why did roosevelt sent 16 battleships on a cruise around the world?
Why do kids spend more time on computers and TVs than playing outside?
Why might futile be a good description of trench?
Why is America considered a Super Power?
Why is so much of the world racist in favor of white people?
Why is equality bad?
Why is racism so common?
Why should rich coutries care about development in poor countries?
Why did the Greeks kill the deformed children?
Why was the White House built?
Why is the Bayeux Tapestry called a tapestry?
Why do people get interested in lighthouses?
Why did Women go to the military?
Why would transporting goods by sea have been preferable to transportation over land?
Why are blacks offended by the confederate flag?
Why is Mecca important to people all over the world?
Why is man the most dangerous animal?
Why did iditarod begin?
Why did china colonize Vietnam thousand of years ago?
Why were states rights important?
Why should you say No to violence?
Why did che die?
Why do legislator is the one who passes and write laws?
Why did the North support tariffs?
Why did ribbles go out of class?
Why did people think men and women were witches?
Why did king george the 3rd not give the colinist freedom?
Why did the immigrants leave Ireland to come to the US?
Why do spainards lisp?
Why do you have collective rights?
Why did Loretta call freaks father a magician?
Why are Egyptian priests under pharaohs in the Egyptian ranking?
Why do people emigrate to other countries?
Why was the Star Spangled Banner written?
Why was Cuzco important?
Why is family important?
Why did they use a Zibellini in the 16th century?
Why do you need the 2nd amendment?
Why did the colonists win the revolution?
Why was the US dragged into world war 2?
Why were the ancient Indians nomads?
Why were the activities of the pirates privateers and buccaneers suppress by their governments?
Why did Europeans leave their homes in the 1500s and 1600s to explore and settle new continents?
Why did the pillgrims name the land plymoth?
Why was the constitution was necessary?
Why did shi huangdhi become emperor?
Why should media be banned in military operations?
Why is the southern part of the New World often referred to as Latin America?
Why did Elizabeth and Phillip not agree over religion?
Why did TV usage skyrocket after World War 2?
Why was the Roman Pantheon built?
Why does language need gesture?
Why did Marvin winans divorce vicki winans?
Why did colonisation occur?
Why did Samuel Adams fued against the Tea act?
Why did William penn found the middle colonies?
Why are presidents on money?
Why is US not a part of commonwealth of nations?
Why is geography important to the study of history?
Why are the party agents presents in the in the polling booth and counting center?
Why did Charles M Manson Jr commit suicide?
Why is social studies not a social science?
Why is public relations important for a business?
Why were superstitions created?
Why do people write notes to others in class for?
Why were colonies founded?
Why didnt America drop the bomb?
Why was the meeting of the estates general important?
Why do some extremist Islamic groups hate the west?
Why do countries colonize?
Why do people have five point stars on their homes?
Why is freedom of the press important?
Why was education so important to the puritans?
Why is the US criticized?
Why could a girl not be president?
Why did liberal feminism start?
Why did political parties first form?
Why does the Texas flag only have one star in it?
Why is the computer so important nowadays?
Why were women treated differently?
Why have the fortunes of most English gentry degenerated?
Why do some individuals and groups believe homosexuality to be a problem?
Why did the british empire take control of Egypt?
Why are some people poor and some not?
Why did people fight in bleeding kansas?
Why did loyalist stay loyal to England?
Why do we need plants?
Why did southerners secede?
Why were there nativist sentiments against new immigrants?
Why are humans easily brainwashed?
Why did the American revolution result in a democracy and the french revolution did not?
Why do Chinese people hate the Japanese people?
Why did Britain pass the stamp act?
Why do you have debates?
Why did the English language became a universal language and what characteristics of English?
Why were Tiberius and Gaius Gracchus killed?
Why are so many people so racist?
Why are women more deadly than men?
Why is racism still alive today?
Why do veterans use poppys as their symbol?
Why is Tunisia revolution called Jasmine revolution?
Why is haj important?
Why do you need nonliving things to survive?
Why would Germany continue to criminalize Nazi symbols more than sixty years after the end of worl war II?
Why did France help the Ameicans?
Why does japan opens to the west?
Why do people hate Americans?
Why is the concept of civilization highly political?
Why was there a law made for segregation of blacks and whites?
Why did World War 1 happen?
Why do you study literature?
Why did the world become flesh?
Why was Adolf Hitler important to the Holocaust?
Why did francis bellomy write the pledge?
Why do people live where they do?
Why do you need government?
Why are African Americans black?
Why did England have a Civil War in the 1940s?
Why is civilization important?
Why did people immigrate from Poland to America?
Why did Italians Immigrate?
Why did the European countries want to gain more imperial colonies?
Why are there Refugees?
Why did the 1st Boer War start?
Why was emiline Pankhurst a great leader?
Why were the British so eager to control Egypt after World War 1?
Why was Maximilan robespierre important to the french revolution?
Why do you believe you need to make assumptions?
Why is it important to study ancient civilizations?
Why was brass used?
Why did the loyalists make the patriots pay taxes?
Why did King Charles call out parliament?
Why did people travel in the early 19th century?
Why did northern states oppose Texas in becoming a state?
Why did Robespierre start the Reign of Terror?
Why do you think childrens lives changed in Victorian times?
Why is city terrace called city terrace?
Why did Jefferson oppose national bank?
Why did yoritomo minamoto die?
Why is September 17 1958 important?
Why did England ask Americans to pay taxes?
Why is Britishness not taught in Scotland Wales and Northern Irish Schools?
Why should we preserve history?
Why did Britain have to have a strong army and navy?
Why was the island hopping strategy of the allies successful?
Why was sharecropping legal?
Why do they call it Federation?
Why did Alexander Hamilton favor manufacturing?
Why do people from Africa come to live in Canada?
Why is it important to have allies during war?
Why do terrorist hate the US?
Why was Maximilien Robespierre a hero?
Why were Tories called Tories?
Why is the United States a powerful nation?
Why did people want to come to Louisiana?
Why did the Portuguese take over East Timor?
Why did French and Spanish explorers come to north America?
Why did many northerners object the fugitive slave law?
Why were the working conditions poor in the 1800?
Why should world heritage sites be preserved and protected?
Why was the Mary rose important?
Why is it that people is a element of state?
Why is Wu hou considered a significant individual?
Why is military rule better than civilian rule?
Why is Maron important to the story?
Why are Americans so proud of their country?
Why are some people considered better looking than others?
Why do people become pirates?
Why did Europe have no single government during the Middle Ages?
Why should students study history?
Why was 1066 a year of three kings in England?
Why was jomo kenyatta important?
Why are subcultures seen as a subculture?
Why are taxes the best source for revenue for the government?
Why did francis Marion dislike the british?
Why was the boycott on British goods effective in ending the stamp act?
Why is gender discrimination important?
Why do people rebel against their government?
Why do you know so much about the Aztecs?
Why is the peloponnesian war called the peloponnesian war?
Why were the three branches of goverment made?
Why were whites so racist?
Why did William Penn found a colony in North America?
Why are there always more producers than consumer?
Why does every ecosystem need producers?
Why is exploration good?
Why does the Statue of Liberty have broken shackles?
Why did us send troop to Vietnam?
Why are there so many poor people in the Philippines?
Why is India considered the dirtiest country in the world?
Why should you respect others culture?
Why did people believe that the earth was flat?
Why do humans want to know more?
Why was the victory of the battle of saratoga so important to the patriot cause?
Why is FOX News so right wing?
Why did molly pitcher fire a cannon?
Why is there terrorism?
Why do you need city government?
Why did the immigrants immigrate?
Why is the study of sovereignty essential?
Why are publics important to public relations?
Why do Americans make fun of people from other countries?
Why is globe useful?
Why are white teachers so naive?
Why are working class people so hateful?
Why did early chines use lodestones for navigation?
Why is Gettysburg still remembered as a turning point in the civil war?
Why did the republicans believe in what they believe in?
Why were the Europeans able to dominate?
Why did Saddam drain the marshes?
Why were the first 2 political parties formed?
Why did the American Government have an interest in Georgia?
Why was finding a way to china important?
Why do you not care about anything?
Why has Latin America struggled so long to establish stable democratic governments?
Why did the world war ii start?
Why was the Checks and Balances System important to the start of the war?
Why were people against slavery?
Why did ancient Greece invent jobs was it because they wanted to have advanced technology?
Why did kheireddin barbarossa turn to piracy?
Why did women work in World War 2?
Why did James Curtis of Court tv leave his position?
Why did Hitler kill his family?
Why did people lose their jobs in the great depression in 1920 in New Zealand?
Why was it important to the labor union movement?
Why was telegraph important to society?
Why do people have middle names?
Why do you think Geoffrey Raoul de havilland 27071882 until 21051965 was born in Haslemere surrey?
Why is it important to study history?
Why is immigration important to the US?
Why was the constitution put in writing?
Why did Jack Ruby shoot Lee Harvey Oswald?
Why do we need a passport to travel from the United Kingdom to other countries?
Why is paper important to mankind?
Why did the Europeans want to expand Christianity?
Why were political parties formed?
Why was the concept of One World or the unification of all people important to Persia?
Why were Jews used as scape goats?
Why is John J Audubon a LA great?
Why is history important to people?
Why did the US and Vietnam go at war?
Why did the British army march on Lexington and Concord?
Why was invented the car?
Why was john Locke a natural leader?
Why is history boring?
Why did missionaries go to new France?
Why did so many people believe in witches in the 17th century?
Why is it important that the British occupy Savannah?
Why did the North and South need another compromise in the Compromise of 1850?
Why are there nuclear weapons For what reason?
Why does society make such a big deal about nudity?
Why did the past have less stuff then all of us do right now?
Why does Paine advocate independence fro Britain?
Why was the balkan region called the power keg of Europe?
Why did individual states write constitutions?
Why did the US declare war with Japan?
Why was Common Sense written?
Why was the first battle of the Marne fought?
Why do nomads move?
Why was the Roman military so important?
Why do people say shut up?
Why is a week seven days?
Why was the tang empire a cosmopolitan tributary system?
Why is the Magna Carta so important?
Why is Adolph Hitler important in history?
Why did Canada ener World War 1?
Why does the Holocaust continue to be emotional and controversial today?
Why are gypsys nomads?
Why did the british invade Africa?
Why is the first amendment considered personal?
Why did the highlanders come to Georgia?
Why did the British want colonies?
Why was the Elizabethan Theatre eventually closed?
Why did public support decline for the Populists?
Why is it easier for Congress to censure a member than it is to expel a member?
Why did Britain need colonies?
Why is the Mediterranean so important?
Why are there ghettos?
Why were monasteries important?
Why did the patriots rebel against King George III in 1770?
Why did the pioneers move west?
Why do you have civilizations?
Why does the government regulate some of the business system in your country?
Why was the civil service system created?
Why is Thales important to Greek history?
Why are people considered resources?
Why do people need to go to school?
Why did Montesquieu favor the separation of powers?
Why did the polish come to America?
Why did the spanish come to San Antonio?
Why did Henry Hudson became an explorer?
Why do Arabs wear white long flowing robes instead of bikinis?
Why is the sitka spruce the state tree of Alaska?
Why does it often appear that the opinions of blacks are not as important as the opinions of whites?
Why did king George tax the colonies?
Why did European settlers come to north America?
Why is the US not exposed as the self serving imperialist tyrant that it is?
Why did commedia dell arte aim to achieve?
Why are there 100 senaters in the us seneate?
Why do you have to be respectful?
Why are youth the most important force in a nation?
Why is it important to pay attention to news?
Why is government a turn off to so many citizens?
Why do you suppose there is a gap of time?
Why was the city of Charleston important to the colonies?
Why did they name it World War 1?
Why is Washington DC located where it is?
Why are integrated information management systems important in human service organizations Give an example to support?
Why did you start swimming libby?
Why is the Legislative Branchs Government important?
Why are countries getting more populated?
Why did people come to North America?
Why do you need to study Politics and Governance?
Why is it important to learn dates in history?
Why did the little rock nine happen?
Why does Bush want to expand the military?
Why is the US government protecting Robert Thomas Edward Larkins?
Why did others oppose US commercial expansion overseas?
Why did the court decide that John Peter Zenger was not guilty?
Why was the Age of Discovery important?
Why did the convention delegates do the great compromise?
Why did gorgia was made?
Why did early barristers wear wigs?
Why is Fidel Castro bad?
Why did or do people burn books?
Why are wars started?
Why is it important for people to be proud of their country?
Why is a quorum needed to conduct legislative business?
Why did exports and imports dip during the year of 1808?
Why was Father Nash called Father Nash?
Why were the Muslims able to make such great contributions?
Why is Burundi poor?
Why did the Mormons choose to settle in Utah in 1847?
Why did Britain and France choose appeasement in 1930?
Why was Kennedy assassinated?
Why did the Greeks believe in gods and goddesses?
Why did the Americans take over Hawaii?
Why did the witch craze in the 17th century start when it did?
Why are apache homes called wickiups?
Why did many Americans go to Texas in the 1820s?
Why did creoles refuse to support hidalgo or morelos?
Why did the Europeans treat the Africans badly?
Why did the people of New Jersey select the violet to be the state flower?
Why did king phillip the second of Macedonia take an interest in conquering Greece?
Why do people hate each other so much?
Why was slavery the basis of roman society?
Why did the Reichstag Fire happen?
Why is Colorado called the centennial state?
Why was Hitler Autocratic?
Why was Mary Tudor given her title Bloody Mary?
Why were colonists angry about british taxes?
Why did England come to the new world?
Why were textile mills mostly in the north?
Why was Hiroshima attacked?
Why should the loyalists join the patriots?
Why is there one leader?
Why do states require voters to register?
Why do Americans believe that rights should be clearly stated and indentified?
Why is code pink so stupid?
Why was the industrial reveloution so significant?
Why did they create the separation of power?
Why did people mine?
Why does political science consider as science?
Why was Phoenix chosen to be capital of Arizona?
Why does the United States State Department support terrorist schools in the America?
Why do they do war?
Why has the two party system emerged?
Why did guerrilla warfare anger the US troops Vietnam war?
Why did he feel slavery was detrimental to the south?
Why were countries formed?
Why do they say that cats are half in and half out?
Why do countries become in need of help?
Why do marble statues have no arms?
Why do some people hate conservatives?
Why is Poseidon called the father of commerce?
Why is there still racism in the world?
Why is it necessary for water purification?
Why are people treated poorly based on colour?
Why did president Putin step down?
Why do people give to charity?
Why were British colonies were established?
Why is a cardigan called a cardigan?
Why do you think the development of agriculture occurred around the same time in several different places?
Why was congress unwilling to give the president the power to veto bills?
Why is England a more economically developed country?
Why should we allow hate speech?
Why did the british win the battle on new york?
Why do Indians have no body hair?
Why did king henry the 8th want a son as a child?
Why do terrorists hate the US and other Western nations?
Why were the Americans called colonists?
Why are Edmonton oilers called oilers?
Why is Frances buss so important?
Why was the Grange formed?
Why is so important the maps in the world?
Why do sweatshops exist?
Why did people want to go to the colonies?
Why did parents oppose us participation in the war?
Why did they call him casanova?
Why did communist governments use a command economy system?
Why are blue bloods called blue bloods?
Why did the US set up the marshall plan?
Why is age 16 to 18 important in Puerto Rico?
Why does the US have so many cultures?
Why did kellog stop making chocolate frosted flakes?
Why is Jacob riss famous?
Why do people in poverty need help?
Why were steamboats invented?
Why is civilian authority at all times supreme over the military?
Why did Ossetia separate from Georgia?
Why did the enlightenment started?
Why did Jane Addams found hull house?
Why did the south oppose tariffs?
Why did the war break out between England and the colonies?
Why do different persons have different notions of development?
Why are Australian and Asian relations important?
Why did habitants come to New France?
Why is Henry VIII a Great Briton?
Why were ancient people hunters and gatherers?
Why were Europeans looking for sea routes to Asia in the 15h century?
Why can it be said that Blacks did not have equality in 1900?
Why did the Black Plague cause the Renaissance?
Why is the book of the dead inpotant to the culture of ancient Egypt?
Why are black people allowed to be racist?
Why was colony boycotting British?
Why was it an honor to be a scribe in mesopotamia?
Why did thutmose iii kill queen hashepsut?
Why do some people cover mirrors when someone dies?
Why was prince Henry known as a navigator?
Why was Marie Antoinette married by proxy?
Why is Rene Robert La Salle important?
Why did the Roman Empire have to divide their empire?
Why do people ask such absurd questions?
Why does Canada drive on the right side of the road?
Why can people vote that no nothing of how the US government works?
Why were north and south Vietnam fighting?
Why was the land to the north called lower Egypt and the land farther south called upper Egypt?
Why did the European explore different areas of the world?
Why did Britain passed the Townshend Acts?
Why do racists think others are different?
Why did Giovanni Da Verrazano explore North Carolina?
Why did it take so long for the US to allow Texas in union?
Why did so many settlers die in Jamestown?
Why did Imperial China expand?
Why is a courtroom flag different?
Why did Verrazano travel there?
Why was New York important in the American revolution?
Why did southerners support the fugitive slave act?
Why does culture do what it does?
Why was the white house build?
Why did so many immigrants choose to come to philadelphia?
Why do the mafias kill?
Why were blacks not treated well?
Why would the engine be steaming?
Why did Jesse Jackson run for president?
Why does atticus feel he should defend tom Robinson?
Why did Jews want a homeland of there own?
Why did viking invade Britain?
Why is the sphinx made?
Why did Sophist disagree with the Socrates?
Why do tribes wear face paint?
Why were the founders of the Plymouth colony called pilgrims?
Why is there a leader in every country?
Why did the people want slavery?
Why did the Egyptian use animals for?
Why is the Eiffel tower an important landmark?
Why are towels made from cotton?
Why is unemployment a problem?
Why did the author of the constitution set up the system of checks and balaces?
Why is there Goths?
Why do some people want to change the New Zealand flag?
Why did Louis Joliet explore the Mississippi river?
Why was the grand canal so important to china?
Why were loyalists loyal to the king?
Why was it bad in the 1930s?
Why have womens roles changed since 1900?
Why was st Augustine settled?
Why did Americans have more leisure time in the 1920s?
Why did Ceaser make the Julian calendar?
Why did Giovanni da verrazano becom a explorer?
Why is Glasgow named Glasgow?
Why was the socket wrench invented?
Why were the Dionne Quintuplets so famous?
Why did the women march on Versailles?
Why do humans spend a large portion of their lives working?
Why does Mexicans celebrate the day of the dead?
Why is sphinx made?
Why was it called the Elizabethan times?
Why did veterans in 1945 want congress to pay their bonuses early?
Why do governments provide public goods?
Why is the Australian Capital Territory called a Territory?
Why did the 2009 Victoria fires spread so quickly?
Why did the Americans enter the world War 2?
Why is Eliyahu Hanavi important?
Why did the suffragettes force fed?
Why was there a Boer War?
Why did political parties first form in America?
Why do people not follow rules?
Why do people emigrate to America?
Why is this region know as Latin America?
Why did Johnny Appleseed want to plant apple seeds?
Why did political insability plague many third world nations?
Why was Constantinople renamed Istanbul?
Why was orestes brownson critical of contemporary reformers who advocated only individual or internal change?
Why is the Leaning Tower of Pisa famous for?
Why do people torture others?
Why was the Bisbee Deportation important in Arizona history?
Why does farmers have farms?
Why did Yugoslavia become divided?
Why was the invention that john kay invented so important?
Why was Minamoto Yoritomo famous?
Why was it easy for Hernan Cortes to conquer the Aztecs?
Why do you have the 15th amendment?
Why did Andrew Carnegie believe in social Darwinism?
Why is colour important in art?
Why are black people racist against other black people?
Why is it called Scandinavia?
Why is history studied and why do we learn this subject?
Why is terrorism a social issue?
Why does the government interfere with economic issues?
Why did Winfield Scott Hancock help the North in the Civil War?
Why does religion cause so much conflict?
Why did the founding fathers believe in limited government?
Why did may sarton leave nelson?
Why did the Jewish believe that Palestine belongs to them?
Why was the byzantine empire stronger than the roman empire?
Why was the printing press a bad thing?
Why was the battle of bugle fought?
Why did the spanish come to New Mexico?
Why is the island of Ireland divided and how has that led to conflict?
Why was south Africa an important country to the british empire?
Why do albinos have red eyes?
Why did the amelioration act failed?
Why do why do we have united nations?
Why does America get to decide the future for all countries?
Why do settlement grows?
Why did the population increase between the 18th and 19th century?
Why do countries make alliances?
Why was the black panther party important for the US?
Why do people live in poverty?
Why did the settlers move?
Why was the xyz affiar important to us?
Why did sailors keep cranberries on board their ships?
Why did the vikings settle in Great Britain?
Why did the iron act start?
Why have somone want to become a gladiator?
Why do people immigrate to the US of America?
Why are the experiments Dr James Lind did on frogs important to the novel?
Why was the Treaty Of Waitangi a trick and not a treaty?
Why is bosporus straight important?
Why did congress create commites?
Why did Kenya want to gain its independence?
Why do you only learn about European history in school?
Why were astronomers an important achievement of the Gupta Empire?
Why did America institute the draft?
Why do policies fail?
Why is education for girls so important in Afghanistan?
Why did call culinary?
Why do you need to study Asian civilization history and culture?
Why is meat healthy for teenagers?
Why was the minster built?
Why do you study social sciences in study of history?
Why do some people accept something that others refuse?
Why does the govt borrow money?
Why is health is more important than education?
Why does Osama bin Laden target America?
Why is Stepan Zoryan famous?
Why is power important to people?
Why did Adolf Hitler do this to the Jewish?
Why is Muhammad bin tughlaq called a wisest fool?
Why are Mexicans considered to be a white race?
Why is the liberty bell named the liberty bell?
Why did Texas revolt against Mexico?
Why do engineers have gold and purple epaulets?
Why was buffalo changed to bull in jump rope song?
Why are Jewish people so intelligent?
Why did Ayub Khan imposed Marshallaw in 1958?
Why did europeans seek a western route to Asia?
Why did black Americans migrate to the north?
Why do you have a politics?
Why had Patrick Henry and George Mason and Richard Henry Lee opposed the constitution?
Why are you such a hater toward black people?
Why is upton sinclair famous?
Why was Christianity spread so rapidly?
Why do people live in the US?
Why is bureaucracy a necessary evil?
Why was assimmilation not favored by the pilgrams while living in the Netherlands?
Why are rugs from Iran called Persian?
Why is it important to quote correctly?
Why would family services be closed today?
Why did Alice paul go on hunger strike?
Why is Stephen Harper famous?
Why do good people die first and not the bad ones?
Why was James bowies nickname Jim?
Why is important to know explorers?
Why does nobody care about Africa?
Why is public opinions so important?
Why would a culture be considered dynamic?
Why is peoples so stupid?
Why do Mexicans live near the border?
Why was mesopitamiawas the site of first civilization?
Why is Beverly Johnson famous?
Why is the media too powerful?
Why did the french government support the American revolution?
Why are large countries located at the coast?
Why is the Harlem renaissance part of history?
Why is valentines day celebrated on February 14?
Why should people help the less fortunate?
Why did the habitants come to new France?
Why is animal important?
Why do you have so many right handed people?
Why was Joseph Howe charged?
Why did people from Madagascar come to nz?
Why are party decorations used?
Why does Myanmar have sanctions?
Why was the year 1789 an important date in the history of civilization?
Why do you have summertime?
Why should you have a british bill of rights?
Why will Americans revolt against communism and Democrats?
Why was Cambodia founded?
Why were globes invented?
Why are Americans in general so conservative as compared to Europe?
Why do women want to be treated as equals yet also like a lady?
Why do the American government lie about 911?
Why are communist bad?
Why do cites grow?
Why did padstow comprehensive school close?
Why are men more prone to infidelity?
Why does science have to be so difficult?
Why are black people inferior to whites?
Why was robespierre important in french history?
Why is itTechnology is relevance to the society?
Why is national unity valueble to all countries?
Why was Virgil important?
Why is debating not a waste of time?
Why did people start using a wheel?
Why is there so much fighting in the world?
Why was the plantation system established?
Why did robespierre eliminate the hebertists and the indulgents?
Why did eoropean nations want to acquir colonies in the Americas?
Why was washingtons presidency so important?
Why did the Puritans have succes with their colony from the beginning?
Why did Louis Joliet accomplish his accomplishmets?
Why was freedom important to Sam Houston?
Why do Americans love John Steinbeck?
Why do you express individual thought?
Why are people so perverse and crazy?
Why is it important to remember people on remembrance day?
Why do you think there is many more laws today than there was years ago?
Why did the Indians let the white man trick them?
Why is Iceland considered part of Europe?
Why is it nesecery turkeys in thanks giving?
Why are the communist parties known as the Left Parties?
Why do some people hate Muslim ladies fashions?
Why do civilisations rise and fall?
Why did slavery become based on race?
Why were corporations so successful by the turn of the century?
Why would a person become an indentured servant?
Why were different languages invented?
Why did power in Britain change?
Why did hunter gatherers move to the Nile valley?
Why is America diffrent than other governments?
Why is their a social contract between people and government?
Why does Liliuokalani signed the act of abdication?
Why was the United States afraid of the Communists?
Why do you require politics?
Why is the Greek government failing?
Why is it called jasmine revelotion in Tunis?
Why amendment 13 important?
Why did Mexico immigrant group migrate to Texas?
Why are government securities popular invesments?
Why is power so critical during a national crisis?
Why did the blacks start the sit ins?
Why were greek animals killed for the gods?
Why do the knights have chivalry?
Why do some countries ban gambling?
Why are you healthy as a clean healthy river?
Why were the women the first to plant seed?
Why is difficult for the government to implement land form?
Why did totalitarian leaders emerge?
Why is understanding the past important to improving the future?
Why was Egypt in crises?
Why is Poseidon being angry bad?
Why are many pour people in the world?
Why is poverty a main reason of disease?
Why is the Chinese zodiac so important?
Why did the early years of the Jamestown colony prove to be a starving time?
Why is February important in America?
Why did the Floridians choose the name Florida?
Why are women stereotyped as weak?
Why are the people protesting Iran?
Why is pulaski day so important?
Why does machiavelli believe that you should study history?
Why was the justice oputa panel set up by the federal government?
Why is DC better then than Atlanta?
Why is the earth heading towards disasters and wars?
Why was the Hollywood ten targeted?
Why are guardrails a good thing?
Why do some monks have a bald patch on their heads?
Why are people from wiki answers so rubbish at answering questions?
Why are half of the people in the world so stupid?
Why did the neutrality laws fail?
Why are managers in advanced countries more effective than managers in third world countries?
Why do people migrate throughout history?
Why does the US provide assistance to Gaza?
Why had America adopted right hand drive instead of the universal left hand drive?
Why did serfdom come to an end in Europe?
Why would someone choose to study about Hitler?
Why is 1519 important to Texas history?
Why was the leader of the black foot tribe important?
Why are there so many families who are denied health care in our country?
Why do some christians dislike war?
Why did Antony want to kill himself?
Why was Germany accused for ww1?
Why were Tutsis murdered?
Why did president Nixon remove himself from office?
Why do nobles become bishops or archbishops?
Why is child labor a good thing?
Why does William drink?
Why is there so much advertising in monopolistic competition?
Why is Paul Winn a rat?
Why is the government important as an institution of the state?
Why are atheists allowed to serve in the US military or hold public office when the US pledge clearly says one nation under God?
Why is checks and balances central to constitution?
Why are migrants important?
Why did Allah start Islam?
Why did the Europeans convert the natives to Christianity?
Why did the people leave the south during the great migration?
Why was a system of roads in Babylon important?
Why did the Germans lose battle of Britain?
Why was the medicaid program set up?
Why does a person alighting from a moving car has to spread his legs?
Why are rich people thin in rich countries and rich people are fatter in poor countries?
Why does wbl mn suck?
Why did the Pharaohs of Egypt wear a double crown?
Why do you think the Jews have historically faced persecution?
Why do people in US have to be separated racially in their identity card starting from childhood and schools?
Why do you think the holy virgin descended from the altar to wipe the sweat of Barnabas face?
Why are museums a necessary part of cultural life of a society?
Why do People wear gown and cap for graduation?
Why was irrigation important to the development of human civilization?
Why do you choose democratic govt?
Why were the puritans so thankful?
Why were the scribes so highly though of by the people?
Why is it okay for ads to contain little objectification?
Why do Africans travel abroad?
Why did the roman civilization last so long?
Why is Istanbul known as the East meets the West?
Why did nullification worry some state legislatures?
Why have so many rural citizens moved to cities Asia Africa and latin America?
Why is it easier to have black slaves then natives?
Why are the houses in china made the way they are?
Why was a tank considered a big technological advance at its time?
Why did the Indian people revolt against British rule?
Why did the US complete the panama canal?
Why was Lincoln considered a dictator?
Why are many right wing posts so rude?
Why is Canada a member of the common wealth of nations?
Why did explores explored?
Why did republicans institute many rule changes?
Why did fish become so important in this time of history?
Why are you backwards?
Why was fatepur sikri built?
Why does no one care about keeping the purity of their bloodline?
Why do people think that people who talk about new world order conspiracys are lunatics?
Why are supermarkets allowed to replace people with machines?
Why do private schools have short skirts?
Why did England and Spain compete?
Why do people discriminate against homeless?
Why was the song over there written?
Why was Wilbur Wright important to America?
Why is Church of Nativity important to Christianity?
Why were Eastern philosophies and the idea of karma so interesting to American youth in the sixties and what was the impact of the Beatles trip to India on music and philosophical ideas?
Why is George Armstrong Custer best remembered?
Why does a computer get tested before being sent to its customer?
Why did the Vietnam war started?
Why did people move to New Brunswick in 1867?
Why should colonial policies consider the interests of colonized people as well as those of imperialist powers?
Why was the First Amendment important to the framers?
Why did the US become involved with World War 2?
Why did 20000 Irish Catholic immigrants pull out of public schools?
Why is the maple leaf on the Canadian flag?
Why is the Vision for 2030 being sent all around the world?
Why did people of the mainland citystate have little contact with each other?
Why is it important for Latin American embassy to know about the injustices in Guatemala?
Why did early man migrate?
Why do countries in United States seek colonies?
Why is the model t important?
Why is a cocktail called a cocktail?
Why was the South Secedes important?
Why did trappers open routes to Alta California?
Why did the attack of Pearl Harbor happen?
Why did the US negotiate separate treaties after World War 1?
Why was the western front located there?
Why did Southerners lack capitol to invest in business?
Why was slavery important?
Why has race as a biological concept been dismissed?
Why was the Economic revolution in the US Between 1865 and 1619 a double edge sword?
Why did the French join World War 1?
Why are Roman temples built on podiums?
Why are there similarities and difference in culture?
Why are Jews rich?
Why are these violations occurring in Afghanistan?
Why is there are a conflict with the process and formation of identity in the Mexican community?
Why do the hit the scule of a dead polp with a hammor?
Why do you still pay taxes after the war?
Why were maps top secret in 1962?
Why was the outcome of the battle of Britain important for the allies?
Why is energy resources economically important?
Why do countries make allies?
Why is it called the bentprop project?
Why did the soviet union sign a peace pact?
Why are some hotels named arms?
Why did Gustave Eiffel build the Eiffel Tower?
Why did America go to war with Spain?
Why was going to the theater a popular past time in the 16th and 17th century?
Why do we learn history?
Why do you have to know your origin?
Why is the pub called the hole in the wall so called?
Why is India called The Land of Prayer?
Why do you need big structures?
Why do some countries have larger populations than others?
Why were people so unhappy in 1819?
Why did literature said to be an enduring expression of significant human experience?
Why is it a state has absolute right over everything within its territory?
Why is social learning theory an important role in the functioning of organizations?
Why is there a large gap between the US and other countries in terms of healthcare?
Why did the south loose the civil war?
Why are midgets short?
Why did hittler kill Jews?
Why are swear words swear words?
Why did language originate?
Why is it important to understand the institutional frame work of the broadcasting?
Why was the 14th amendment written?
Why had people started to question the authority of the church in the 1500?
Why did Mussolini come to power?
Why was the union navy indequated at the biginning of civil war?
Why did the settlers move west?
Why did Wilson believe so strongly in the league of nations?
Why is arts and sciences important during the renaissance time period?
Why did so many people move to colonial America?
Why do masSacres happen?
Why did people come to Colonial America from England?
Why was Hitler so cruel?
Why do you study history?
Why did World War 2 impact us?
Why did stanly become a journalist?
Why do pilgrims have buckels on there hats?
Why was world war 1 declared?
Why did people go into bomb shelters in ww2?
Why did the Enlightenment begin?
Why did Andres Bonifacio choose revolution?
Why was the National Baseball League formed?
Why is oligarchy important?
Why do Mexicans think they own America?
Why is latitude so important to society?
Why do people disagree about when and how the first Americans came to the Americas?
Why was money changed to decimal currency?
Why did men go to war?
Why were governments formed in the US?
Why did the Russian Revoultion start?
Why are quinceaneras traditions in Hispaniclatino cultures?
Why is Winston churchill important?
Why does human nature have to be rude and unappealing?
Why was controlling the Mississippi river vital to the north and the south?
Why did the treaty of Paris happen?
Why do you need superheroes in your society?
Why does the world pivot on its economic axis in 1453?
Why did native Americans come to America?
Why did colonists come to the middle colonies?
Why did Plymouth come to America?
Why are commodeties only traded in us dollars?
Why do the same events happen every year?
Why did people aboard the mayflower agree that the men should agree to the compact?
Why did they make senate and parliament?
Why is seven symbolic?
Why did the imagra nts move to place to place?
Why is this informal istitution allowed to exist?
Why cant teens 13 and up drink?
Why did the colonist fight the british?
Why did they found Pennsylvania?
Why did people invent toilet paper?
Why is China exporting contaminated food to the US?
Why did northern crops create a surplus?
Why did so people immigrate to the US in the early 1500s?
Why did the framer of the constitution want ratification votes cast by special state conventions rather than by state legislatures?
Why is it called his story and not her story?
Why did many delegates think that a new form of government was needed?
Why was Confederation considered a good idea?
Why was latimer confident?
Why did people wear German flags on their sleeves?
Why are blue and gold New York State Colors?
Why do you study politics?
Why is Confucianism related to society in world history?
Why was gold known about long before the Romans?
Why was the Louvre built?
Why did the poruges lead the way in searching for water roughte to the east?
Why were American troops needed by the french and British government?
Why were people hostile after the Russian Revolution?
Why is there a maple leaf on the Canadian flag?
Why is there world war?
Why did legalism start?
Why did the Americans use two atomic bombs on japan?
Why was William good at organising things?
Why did the historians call this th columbian change?
Why did Germany become republic country after world war 1?
Why did the immigrants come?
Why is 7 a lucky number?
Why were the haida such accomplished artists?
Why does money cause war?
Why do you need amentments?
Why did new brunswick New jersey become a major population?
Why is the founding of Saint Augustine considered historic?
Why was the puritains philosophy of religious intolerance inmportant?
Why are the soloman islands named soloman?
Why did king george III fire general gage?
Why did James Madison believe that the US republic large size would help government serve the public good?
Why did the US want to become a world power?
Why was the War of 1812 an important one to the US?
Why did hanfeizi think that by being me he could rule china and everyone would like him?
Why is barju benacerraf famous?
Why did the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation make grains during the war?
Why were France and Britain alliances in World War 1?
Why do organisations catagorize research?
Why is gold important?
Why was the national government so weak under the articles of constitution?
Why is it so difficult to pass a law?
Why did the british impose new taxes?
Why did Roosevelt send ships on a 14 month tour?
Why did the Spanish only build large settlements in North America?
Why was opec created?
Why was Walter Alock put out of business?
Why was different cellwall from other bacteria?
Why did the Africans make rain?
Why would people bar there windows?
Why was Massachusetts bay colony founded?
Why did classical republicans believe in limiting individual rights and promoting civic virtue?
Why did some cultures develop rapidly while others developed much more slowly?
Why do people celobrate special occasions?
Why do realist believe the US got involved in the Vietnam War?
Why do people fight wars?
Why were people cutting down Yosemite trees?
Why is the vice presidency so lightly regarded?
Why didnt America send the peace treaty an hour earlier during the 1941?
Why are those sciences related to the study of history?
Why were the first two political parties created?
Why did the Puritans Quakers and Roman Catholics want to leave England?
Why is the Georgian election being moved up?
Why is revolution so important?
Why is patriotism is important?
Why did King John 1 spend as much money as needed on an ocean exploration?
Why was the telegraph important?
Why is the slavetrade good?
Why did The Book of the Dead originate?
Why are military evacuated remains loaded feet first?
Why is the term Velly forge synonmous with suffering?
Why were people afraid of Adolf Hitler?
Why did the North West Company had competitions between companies?
Why did the Danes sink their own battleships?
Why did the United States and France become democracies?
Why is Connecticut colony a good place to live?
Why did Japan become involved in World War 2?
Why was Perestroika introduced?
Why did the dutch settle newnetherland?
Why did HBC have an advantage over the NWC geographical wise?
Why do we fear women?
Why did the United States refuse treaty?
Why did the puritans want to leave England?
Why did Germans emigrate?
Why was the declaration written the way it was?
Why is it important to be a citizen?
Why did Britain and France try to stop the united staes from selling goods to the others?
Why do people fight in wars?
Why did church courts have the right to try and punish members of the clergy?
Why did the American public favor Spain in war of 1898?
Why does the US have a two party system?
Why did Osama bin Laden got a terrorist?
Why is fl so important in the us federal election?
Why was it bad for people about the patatoe famine?
Why dont tourist return to The Bahamas?
Why were many of the indentured servents unable to acquire land?
Why did they have cuopons in the war?
Why do you suppose only one amendment to the constitution has been repealed even though life in the united states has changed greatly in the last 200 years?
Why did they take people to slavery?
Why do you use phrases?
Why does evil exist?
Why did the framers make the executive branch share some of its powers with congress?
Why were the Indian force to move?
Why is Winston Churchill famous?
Why did gandhiji failed to encourage the use of khadi?
Why were Americans suspicious of organized labor and strikes by labor unions?
Why did the Japanese come to America?
Why did nellie mcclung join the WCTU?
Why was the death of Franz Ferdinand so important?
Why did Britain declare war against Germany in 1939?
Why are state boundaries important?
Why did the Mexican revalution start?
Why did Great Britain in the end refrain from supporting the Confederacy?
Why did the revolutionary war occur?
Why did the stressa front fall apart?
Why did the Arab nations imposed an embargo on oil shipments to the US?
Why was the union winning the civil war important to 2007?
Why is 3 kings celerbrated?
Why did they kill serigo die?
Why was the york town battle fought?
Why are things invented?
Why was the welfare system started?
Why was the battle of concord important?
Why was it important for the us to imperialize?
Why was king george III famous?
Why did the confererat state want to romove Lincoln from office?
Why did the Cuban revolution happen at this time?
Why is the Aryan race important?
Why do people go to New Jersey?
Why is Hydrogen metal and nonmetal?
Why was Portugal neutral during World War 2?
Why was NAM formed?
Why did McCarthy believe that the state department was being communist spies?
Why does the US have a successful economy?
Why is the judicial branch considered to be less powerful compared to the others?
Why have certain parts of the preamble been italicized?
Why did people from France immigrate to the US?
Why did the poor whites people in the south support slavery?
Why did the two party system favor the compromise?
Why was nationalism developed?
Why were the colonist taxed?
Why was the Carolinas evented?
Why would the triple entente be jealous of the triple alliance?
Why did the north and south want a territory on their side?
Why was the feudalism contract created?
Why did US want to expland?
Why did women give up their jobs at the end of the war?
Why is it important to study Asian civilization arent they obsolute and useless?
Why is the Rigodon de Honor not celebrated frequently?
Why did the Trudeau government withdraw its White Paper?
Why is the entry for Ted Heath so fawning for a man who pushed us into Europe?
Why did the Little Rock Nine event happen?
Why is Central America called Latin America?
Why does a river have a state name?
Why did the treaty of versaille cause problems?
Why is china unique geographically in comparison to the rest of Asia?
Why was it hard to hold town meeteings in the south colonies?
Why was San Jose chosen as the capital city of Costa Rica?
Why is culture important?
Why did Britain join the UN?
Why did Johannes Gutenberg invent the printing press?
Why is the president pro tempore given the privilege to vote?
Why does age of imperialism matter today?
Why did Poland Hungary and Czechoslovakia rise up against soviet domination?
Why did they make the intolerable act?
Why was roe vs wade significant?
Why is the first caucus held in Iowa?
Why was china chosen to have the great wall constructed there?
Why was education central to the republican vision of America?
Why do nations form alliances?
Why is there only one king or queen of England?
Why do you need tolerance in this world?
Why did abolitionist want to end war?
Why did trenches produce a stalemate?
Why did young men of the colony leave their homes to become coueurs de bois?
Why did congress not have the right to tax the states?
Why has the britISH government given the IRA virtual immunity from any crimes they now feel like commitTing?
Why did edsa 1 revolution occur?
Why did some French nobles become Protestants?
Why did women join the french resistance?
Why did Casy at bat become fames?
Why is the guitar useful?
Why were the government policies in the western lands considered very successful?
Why is the 13th amendment important today?
Why was the constitution a conservative cause?
Why was the constitution successfull?
Why do you think hippies change the world?
Why does Congress have commitees?
Why is stratford on Avon family?
Why did the british colonies fight?
Why was it the blacks that were tortured in the new york draft riot of 1863?
Why was grievances written?
Why did the constitution need to get written?
Why are some people against the merger of Singapore with Malaysia?
Why does conflict exist between nations ethnic groups and religions?
Why is free market system more likely to respond to natural disasters faster?
Why did King Carlos the third of Spain order settlements to be built in Alta California?
Why was September 10Th 1939 important?
Why do you have the privilage to live in America?
Why did the bill of rights get written?
Why did the british pass the stamp act?
Why did bulls run occur?
Why was the first shot of the Revolutionary War called The Shot Heard Around the World and Which side actually took the first shot?
Why were there state constitutions?
Why did the Germans surrender in 1918?
Why did the farmers make it possible to change the constitution?
Why do you have to include the opportunity cost when you calculate your profits in your own buisness?
Why is the pyramid important enough to be on the one dollar bill?
Why are historians unsure of the numbers of confederate casualties?
Why did they fought between two or more countries?
Why did Americans support the central power?
Why did the US go to war with England?
Why do scientists perform experiments?
Why is power sharing needed in India and USA?
Why did Jamestown proper?
Why did the United States engage in the Spanish American war?
Why did Buddhism spread to China?
Why are there so many Italian stone workers in the northeast?
Why did japan wanted to control others nations?
Why did political parties form?
Why did the act required the enslaved to become apprentices of their former owners?
Why are female breast unlawful to bare?
Why did the slaves want the underground railroad?
Why did America go to war with England?
Why did Americans prohibited the establish of political parties?
Why was North Carolina made one of the 13 colonies?
Why was it important for the Africans to practice their culture on the 18 centry plantation?
Why were all women not represented at the Congress?
Why did the pharoahs believe it was important to preserve their bodies?
Why is Franklin d roosevelts contribution so important?
Why was the Emancipation Proclamation so important?
Why did the pilgrims go to north America?
Why do organizations conduct activities?
Why were some people angainst ratifying the constitution?
Why do countries imperialize?
Why did the IrishScots migrate?
Why is the founding of Little Rock important?
Why is a president only able to serve 2 terms in office?
Why should concentration camps be perserved?
Why is Attrition in retail industry is high and sources to overcome?
Why did Hitler consider the Jews a threat to Germany?
Why did the Great Trek take place?
Why did the groups of America tend to oppose us parcipitation in the war?
Why did the people in the newly independent states fear a strong national government?
Why did israel become a nation?
Why did they pick santa fe as a state capitoland for how long was it a state capitol?
Why was the purchase for french territory so important?
Why were farms enclosed after 1750?
Why did the building of the railroad accelerate the movement of people to the west?
Why did Washington want the nation to remain neutral in foreign wars?
Why was robespierre executed?
Why do Jews and arabs fight?
Why was king Christian X so influential?
Why are the management theorist are all westerners?
Why does men enjoy more freedom than women?
Why was Harlem called a swinging place during the 1930s What was going on at that time?
Why did most of the state limitthe power of their state government?
Why did the neutrilty acts happen?
Why do people shun today?
Why was slavery important to the South?
Why did appeasement fail?
Why did it affect soldiers in the trenches?
Why is it important to remind people of latimer and ridley?
Why were written and oral traditions important to Africa?
Why did the Proclomation of 1763 pass?
Why did Pierre Trudeau do the political?
Why did the government start income tax?
Why was a tariff harder on southern states than on northern states?
Why is world war 1 different from world wAr 2?
Why was dysentery a health hazard in the trenches?
Why was it called upper Canada?
Why was the capitol moved?
Why was Yorktown an important victory for the Americans?
Why were the Hollywood Ten sent to prison?
Why should government be divided?
Why was the country of Uganda colonized in the 18th century?
Why did Aristotle think earth was spherical?
Why was it hard to remain neutral in World War 1?
Why did the Mexicans bring stuff to America?
Why was the influenza outbreak of 1918 so deadly?
Why did the US abandon its isolationist policies?
Why did Henry the 2nd kill Thomas becket?
Why did the actors of the constitution set up the system of checks and balances?
Why did industrial unions usually fail in the late 1800s?
Why is the United States considered to be multicultural?
Why did the enlightenment occur?
Why did the first Continental Congress meet in 1774?
Why did Abe die?
Why do you need delegates?
Why should the socialism approach to governance be encouraged instead of the capitalist approach?
Why is the penny a coin and not a bill?
Why is it important to understand your heritage?
Why did puritanism decline?
Why did the convention think the bill of rights was necessary?
Why did isolationists want these laws passed?
Why did isolationists want these laws passed?
Why did Japan and Germany refused to surrender even after the knew they had no hope of winning in world war two?
Why did the Framers of the Constitution want ratification votes cast by special state conventions rather than by state legislatures?
Why was human rights introduced?
Why did the seven days battle happen?
Why are men relucant to revolt against an oppressor?
Why were African people not allowed to carry guns?
Why is the declaration so important to Americans?
Why were Russians not happy with the tsarist regime?
Why did Mackenzie rebel?
Why were people executed for their religious beliefs?
Why are small uniform communities a good characteristic of classical republicanism?
Why did Americans come to Michigan?
Why did educational reformers think all citizens should go to school?
Why did the british burn the White House?
Why were the armenians deported?
Why did Chinese first move to Australia?
Why did people follow Desmond Tutu?
Why are many Americans concerned with the national debt?
Why did British Colonists want to control the Ohio River Valley?
Why is Jerusalem important historically?
Why does chamberlin resign?
Why is Gottfried Leibniz important to computers?
Why did the US help El Salvadors army during the 1980s?
Why is it important to follow rules?
Why did the pilgrims leave great Britain?
Why was nur jehan known as an ambitious women?
Why do historians choose the date 1750 as the end of the Baroque Period?
Why would someone ask you for a reference and not say why?
Why does Zhou Tai wear a helmet?
Why did the Aztecs welcome Cortes?
Why do penalties differ for different people?
Why can Rizal not write poems anymore?
Why is military defence important to Singapore?
Why did the battle of midway end?
Why is empire day celebrated?
Why did Jews leave their homeland come to Texas?
Why should industrialization be encouraged in society?
Why did the loyalty oath create such a hostile debate among Japanese Americans?
Why did a national movement appear in Vietnam?
Why do you celebrate Fiji day?
Why were egypts leaders interested in conquering nubia?
Why was communication between Kennedy and krushchev a problem?
Why is everyone different and not the same and dont say because it would be boring?
Why do people live where they live?
Why is being a natural born citzen good to become president?
Why did revolution erupt in Mexico in 1910?
Why is mapping important to anthropological fieldwork?
Why were the holy lands important?
Why did the Assiniboine tribe boil rocks?
Why did the US want to make the gadsden purchase?
Why did Frederick William IV grant a constitution?
Why was imperialism important?
Why was the foreign service created?
Why did Confucianism originate?
Why did the Insulares and the indios joined against the Peninsulares?
Why does Australia not like comunisum?
Why does globalisation benefit all on earth?
Why was Common Law important?
Why are the right to vote important to the society?
Why did the Chinese ethnic group come to Gallup New Mexico?
Why did Rutherford b Hayes want to be president?
Why was the light house clock made?
Why do you think people believed in witches in the 17th century?
Why did civil war stalemate?
Why did they serve pie crust in the civil war?
Why are people prejudice?
Why was the battle of fort Henry so important?
Why did France get involved in the war against Britain?
Why is the British empire still trying to make England Scotland and Wales belong to it?
Why did France England and the Netherlands establish colonies later than Spain?
Why were the laws of the Proclamation of 1763 passed?
Why did Germany want more power in world war two?
Why is there only nine representatives in Missouri?
Why did early people migrate?
Why was the 22 amendment proposed?
Why was the people power associated with prayer power?
Why does tragedy survive?
Why was the first tv remote control invented?
Why was education important after slavery?
Why was it important for people back then to want the eighth amendment?
Why do you need phone tapping?
Why were school houses in 1800 painted red?
Why did the euripions leave eurip?
Why do you think the literature and art of the middle of 1800s are still valued?
Why are the Onion Domes so significant?
Why are two Houses of Parliament considered to be necessary?
Why should Black History Month not be celebrated?
Why has democracy grown and communism diminished?
Why has Russia been in conflict with Georgia?
Why is Egypt built where it is?
Why did the womens liberation movement start?
Why do the English royal guards have those massive hats on their head?
Why do members of congress do casework?
Why did people go see the games?
Why did you need the 2nd Amendment?
Why was it called a war world?
Why is religion a life or death issue in Elizabethan times?
Why was the US reluctant to annex Texas in 1836?
Why is police work important to the society?
Why did some people pick to be a federalist?
Why does fullerton police have no equal protect system?
Why does fullerton police site criminal do arrest?
Why is rosalind Franklin famous?
Why were the articles needed to be rewritten?
Why did framers of the constitution fear egalitarian tendencies?
Why was the people power associated with prayer How was if an experience of faith?
Why did Russia want to sell Alaska?
Why was capitalism developed?
Why is president Truman considered a great President now but was less popular during his presidency?
Why are developing countries said to be lawless undemocratic and dictatorial by the developed countries can this statement be justified to the law making process in Zimbabwe?
Why was St Albans built where it is?
Why did the iltalians come to Texas?
Why did Renaissance start in Italy?
Why is the Bundesrat called the Quiet Chamber?
Why did colonial administrators use vernacular novels as a valuable source of native lives and customs?
Why do Americans have the right to assemble?
Why is it necessary to separate religion and governent?
Why did Chinese immigrants come to America?
Why did Santa Fe become part of the US?
Why do people separate from their country?
Why is the steamboat important?
Why did fundamentalist engage in fronts?
Why did portuguese and spanish need slaves by 1500?
Why did Japan took control over Guam during the Pacific War?
Why did war break out in Korea in 1950?
Why was it warm and hot dry wet in the New England colonies?
Why do you use the eight characteristics of civilization?
Why did many people move to New Jersey after the Civil War?
Why did Virginia become a state?
Why is it called the age of wonderful nonsense?
Why was UNESCO established?
Why are the called world power?
Why would senators choose to vote for cloture?
Why should the power of emperor very limited?
Why did colonists settle in Delaware colony?
Why was Mexico conquered?
Why was Germany in a war for thirty years?
Why did person in 7 hate the people so much?
Why did William build so many?
Why did Georgia get its name?
Why is it that people where treated terribly in asylums a long time ago?
Why were a catapult used for sexaid?
Why does America try to help other counntries?
Why was the establishment clause created?
Why was indigo only grown in the southern colonies?
Why is it that all Phlippine politicians become multi millionaire during office while in fact the President only gets 1600 dollars monthly pay?
Why do oil cos get away with their buisness practices of gouging their customers?
Why was japan trying to build an empire what nation was targeted and why?
Why does the Democratic Party have delegates in Guam?
Why did people in Australia oppose war in Vietnam?
Why do people follow the aboriginal religion?
Why did they attack fredricksburg during the civil war?
Why was scottland mad at Charles for introducing the pray book?
Why was lyndon Johnson taping as many conversation as possible?
Why did the battle of york town happen?
Why do people remember FDR?
Why did the Romans start taking a census between 100 and 200 AD?
Why does history change but the past does not?
Why did the pamphlet Common Sense have such great success in the colonies?
Why was the pamphlet called the common sence important to the patriots?
Why were the Hessians admired?
Why is it guarantee of rights two vote important in a democtocy?
Why was the 12th amendment necessary?
Why is the third amendment so important?
Why was the capture of Chattanooga important for the Union?
Why is it named plymoth rock?
Why do hindus believe that all natural things are sacred?
Why is neutral rights important?
Why did the Russians invaded hungaryin 1956 after Imry Nagy came to power?
Why did King George want to put a speedy end to the illegal rebellion in the colonies?
Why is it important for people to take an active role in their communities?
Why did they colonized Philippines?
Why is the study of history not only about good citizenship?
Why do you have 3 brances of government?
Why did smaller nations benefit from colonization?
Why did people in America wanted their independence?
Why does each state have a Governor who represents the British Monarch?
Why cant Presidents elect there family members to the cabinet?
Why is the world bank often criticised?
Why are computers important in this centur y?
Why did the Soviets invade Afghanistan during the cold war?
Why did the Aztecs and Spanish fight for?
Why are presidential primary elections held on different days?
Why are presidential primary elections held on different?
Why should citizens obey political authority?
Why did art change in reniassince period?
Why were scribes important to Egypt?
Why was the environment of Mexico modified by humans?
Why is the Middle Colonies warm?
Why do people view alexnader the great in a negative light?
Why did nation states become supreme?
Why did war end for Russia?
Why was the Battle of Dunkirk a motavational miracle in Britain?
Why are dictatorships and monarchies considered autocratic political systems?
Why did Germany take over Russia?
Why is the new five dollar bill purple?
Why is it that African Americans seem to think that their race was the only race enslaved?
Why is Rames the 2nd called Rames the great?
Why is ides of march a bad fortune?
Why is immigration a problem in the us?
Why did the puritans start the Massachusetts bay colony?
Why did the colonists sent ambassadors?
Why are colonists so opposed to the new tax tea?
Why did president Abraham Lincoln want to run for president?
Why did the womens rights movement begin?
Why were most convicts poor farmers?
Why would i?
Why is the fossil record of life on earth incomplete?
Why did che fail in Bolivia?
Why did new problems about the spread of slavery come up after the Missouri Compromise?
Why is Suppression a social problem?
Why is terrorism now intimately connected to the Middle East?
Why did the padres wanted to build mission?
Why did the government build interstate highways and force citizens to sell private land that lies in the path of the high way?
Why are parts of the constitution marked out?
Why did men and women sleep in separate beds?
Why is Canada free and not the people in Iraq?
Why were the trenches so long in the world war 1?
Why is Kenya a low economically developed country?
Why do history teachers set so much homework?
Why did king john meet with the barons?
Why was the airplane used in war?
Why is the mayflower ship important?
Why is technology needed?
Why should a state get constitution?
Why was the battle of saratoga the turning point in the American revolution?
Why wasnt it look in the battle of hastings?
Why did the Irish settleing in the east coast?
Why did the Spanish build presidios?
Why did Henry Cabot lodge have problems with the treat of Versailles?
Why were women in Victorian Britain denied the right to vote?
Why was there self government in the revolutionary war?
Why were guns and trench warfare were such a deadly combination?
Why was the lady of shallot curesd?
Why is Franklin DRoosevelt so special?
Why were the gifts from the nile so important?
Why does it say HOPE on the Rhode Island Flag?
Why did colonial leaders call a second meeting of the continental congress?
Why was the addmission of Missouri a problem to the senate?
Why did the Aztecs settle in Mexico?
Why has the division of powers between states and federal Government changed?
Why did great Britain create empires?
Why did the taking of Okinawa need to occur?
Why did Operation Overlord occur?
Why were the Indians forced to move?
Why did christopher latham sell his patent on the typewriter?
Why could woman not act on stage in Shakespeares plays?
Why is the hastings advert named after the battle of hastings1066?
Why did Germans come to Johannesburg?
Why do you think that age requirement was set for president?
Why is it named battle creek?
Why is India regarded as World power today?
Why did the British attack fort McHerny?
Why do people with little experience decide to gold mine?
Why would slave be wiped?
Why was block printing more useful in Europe than in China?
Why do you conserve records?
Why do they call them concentration camps?
Why is America the greatest country on earth?
Why is george w bush amazing?
Why are some politicains forced to resign from office after a sex scandal while others are forgiven?
Why are people becoming more selfish nowadays?
Why should black people be called African Americans when white people arent expected to be called European Americas?
Why is a pyramids so important?
Why is the constitution important to the government?
Why did we support ww1?
Why is the Plymouth rock famous?
Why did the reforming spirit grow in the 18002?
Why was Elizabeth inprisoned?
Why did the Jews have to keep their religoin secret?
Why do many Americans believe that rights should be clearly stated and idetified?
Why might some people have wanted to honour and obtain relics?
Why are the names of streets imprinted on the sidewalks?
Why did the baby boom happen?
Why wasent the hart removed from a cropse?
Why did many American colonists object to the Acts of Parliament in the 1760s?
Why is Pedro J Gonzalez?
Why does the legislative branch get to declare war?
Why did women want to influence US society?
Why was the 13 amendment was written?
Why do people like to go to Disney World?
Why did mozarts father call him Wolfer?
Why was the photograph invented?
Why did Sweden remain neutral during World two even though its neighboring countries had fallen victim to the Nazi war Machine?
Why did the equal opportunity act start?
Why are immigrants deported?
Why did Russia change sides in the ww2?
Why would children vote for Hillary Clinton?
Why did the Qin collapse?
Why was it important to have white college students working on voter registration drives in the deep south during the summer of 1964?
Why did Japan invaded Korea?
Why is the fifth amendment important to the constitution?
Why did the royal family try to leave France during the French Revolution?
Why did thay do the book burning of 1933?
Why did colonial children had to speak last?
Why did the Battle of Atlantic start?
Why did the french and british fight?
Why do you think many of the newly indipendent southeast Asian nations came under military control?
Why was the exchange of ideas between the Greeks and the Phoenicians?
Why is the millcreek mal shaped like a gun?
Why is it important to study Asia?
Why is it important to study asia?
Why should you wear uniforms?
Why was Zimbabwe so wealthy?
Why did Spain set up trading posts in Asia?
Why do some birds sing in early spring?
Why do marxists hold the conception that for change to be meaningful it must be radical and sometimes violent?
Why did Spain colonized the Philippines?
Why are there communist countries?
Why do you think people collaborated with the Germans?
Why is it known as World War 2?
Why was the first new deal different from the second new deal?
Why did William leave stratford in 1580?
Why was the eighth amendment passed?
Why do some countries have an abundance of wealth and riches while others have remained poor for most of their history?
Why did Mussolini want to invade Abyssinia?
Why did Singapore break away from the rule of the British and begin to govern themselves?
Why should Mugabe go?
Why is the US allowed to patrol over North Korea?
Why did the southerners believe slavery was ok?
Why did the US wanted to fight with Russia?
Why were attempts at railroad regulation often unsuccessfull?
Why did the babylonions invent the abacus?
Why was the Virginia colony found?
Why was Hideki Tojo killed?
Why did the Filipinos relocate to California?
Why did they make the journey to the new world?
Why do immigrants come to US?
Why was the emancipation important?
Why did so many people immigrate to the US the beginning of the 20Th century?
Why was religion a reason for Italians to immigrate to America?
Why is the England red and white?
Why did Spain own American citizens 5 million in claims in 1819?
Why is the common market important?
Why is adobe used to build missions?
Why did the economic miracle last so long?
Why did slaves think their work was so bad when they were housed fed and clothed?
Why was the first colony important?
Why is public housing being detroyed?
Why were the Battles of El Alamein and Stalingrad turning points for the Allies?
Why is the aboriginal tent embassy important in the history of Australia?
Why did the Sovjetunion have problems after 1945?
Why were there so many jobs open and why did the woman take the jobs?
Why did parents tend to oppose US participation in the war?
Why is the louisiana pine snake endagered?
Why do people sing the La Cucaracha song?
Why is South America often reffered to as Latin America?
Why were there fallen birth rates in 1843?
Why was the potlatch banned?
Why was the policy of apeasement a mistake?
Why did pilgrims want to go to Virginia?
Why did the green police worked for who they did during worl war 2?
Why did the balkan crisis create tension in Europe?
Why are prisoners paraded?
Why is the end of article 2 section 1 important to inauguration day?
Why did he want to become president?
Why was the south against californias admission to the union as a free state?
Why did president Johnson declare war?
Why were Jews hated in the sixteenth century?
Why did people work at ford in the 1920?
Why is Peyton not a soldier officer or part of the army?
Why is Bush so mean?
Why has so much gold jewllery survived from ancient times?
Why did the framers think a constitution was nessacery?
Why did Gregor Mendel do what he did?
Why did Stephen Douglass change his mind about the Missouri compromise4?
Why was the election of Jackson in 1828 concidered to be a political revlution?
Why do people not give to the poor?
Why is the legislative branch important to the government?
Why was buenaventura named mission by the sea?
Why was Lucy Larcom impressed by the waterwheel?
Why was the US reluctant to accept Jewish immigrants?
Why is March 201933 a turning point in history?
Why do you refer to the period before writing as prehistory?
Why did oligarchy lose power in ancient Greece?
Why did great Britain need to raise money by taxing their colonists?
Why did segrgration have such an impact on the south?
Why did the US send troops to Lebanon in 1958 and 1982?
Why did the US send troops to Dominican Republic?
Why was C romwell successful?
Why did Harold want to become king battle of hastings?
Why was Britain happy japan attacked pearl harbour?
Why was the Telephone changing society?
Why did one little part of Britain not get affected by the black death?
Why was the 7th star added to the star of federation in 1908?
Why would they want to come live in South Carolina?
Why did the US decare war?
Why did the roman change their government?
Why was maximilian robespierre feared?
Why are slaves mistreated?
Why should you own a gun?
Why would Canada easts taxes increase if they joined confederation?
Why did the temple have special coins?
Why did shi huangdi make the terra cotta soldiers?
Why is the nominating process important in election process?
Why was the seven days battle important?
Why do citizens remain silent of brutal tyranny?
Why does the navy use a pine tree on their flag?
Why does the queen reign but not rule?
Why is the study of ancient history important to understanding your contemporary world?
Why did Americans join the Vietnam war?
Why would Britain not give in during world war two?
Why were certain people in the Civil war chosen to be officers?
Why is knowing local history important?
Why did Colorado get Centennial State as its nickname?
Why did christopher columbud want to go there?
Why are there more independent parties now?
Why did the allied warplanes bomb Japanese cities?
Why did people move to the west in the westward expansion?
Why did the monks want to keep the monastries open?
Why did Hitler want to destroy transport?
Why was the declaration of indenpendence an important statement for your country?
Why did the US allow appeasement and isolation?
Why are senators more prestigious thatn house members?
Why did the Loyalists thought it was right to stay loyal to the British crown?
Why does the US not recognize the government of another country?
Why did ancient people use stories to explain how things happened?
Why was the battle of the Atlantic started?
Why did the battle at Richmond start?
Why did fashion change in the 20Th century especially for women?
Why would television be so important after World War 2?
Why were some people were against the new Constitution?
Why are the lodestones so important to navigators years later it was discovered by Greece?
Why should the community fight to help protect its battlefeild?
Why should the community fight to help protect its battlefield?
Why do black kids in your society have to be treated differently?
Why should the Canadian armed forces stay in Afganistan?
Why were the workers of world union called the woblies?
Why was prison invented?
Why did king george sent Jame Oglethorpe?
Why are earthqaukes common in Japan?
Why is queen elizbeth important?
Why do all Americans hate April 15?
Why did king Georg put a tax on tea?
Why was the luftwaffe unable to remain over Britain for long periods of time?
Why did the plan of sharecropping seem t be good for both the landowners and the sharecroppers?
Why does a person always criticize their sibling?
Why was the declaration of indepenence created?
Why were cattle important to the Celts?
Why do not people know when Peter Stuyvesant was born?
Why did settlers move in the Northwest Territory?
Why were inhabitants of Mesopotamia vulnerable to the invasion from the South?
Why have some palistinian groups used terrorism?
Why did Asian Americans have to deal with racism in the US?
Why was tariffs a main cause of the civil war?
Why did Harold hardrock want to be king?
Why does australians comemorate anzac day and why?
Why is a community positive for residents?
Why is Cairo the capital of Egypt?
Why do the stone walls in south central pa have stone spires sticking up vertically on top of the wall?
Why does a dollar have value?
Why did colonists call them intolerable acts?
Why do you the Roman Republic collapsed?
Why do Americans believe that rights should be stated in borad or general terms?
Why was the construction of the Washington White House postponed?
Why do you know that the framers intended the President to have ordinance power?
Why is it important that the president have the power to appoint officials?
Why did federalists favor a national bank?
Why is Cuba considered a dictatorship?
Why were the leaders of the Weimar Republic held in such contempt by so many elements of German society?
Why are Hispanics moving to the Riis Park area?
Why do Genocides occurr?
Why do people visit battlefields?
Why did delegates want a bill of rights?
Why were water rights an important issue?
Why did the anzacs got to war in gallipoli not Australia England new zealand or wales?
Why did the anzacs retreat from the battle in gallipoli?
Why did the middle ages stop torturing?
Why did Hideki Tojo air strike on both China and the Soviet Union?
Why was New Mexico established?
Why were uniforms invented?
Why did Europeans want to leave home during the progress of the 19 century?
Why are the colors red white andblue?
Why did the south seceade from the union?
Why did the Spanish Armarda invade England?
Why was bread rationed after World War 2?
Why did movie theaters have black ushers in 1941?
Why is the inaugural address said?
Why were the southern colonies was so interested in being a agrarian society?
Why can nationallism be a bad thing?
Why cant you all get along?
Why was the sugar maple chosen as the New York state tree?
Why was Oregon admitted as a state to the United States?
Why did president Nixon campaign promising to restore law and order?
Why were women not allowed to work?
Why is a strong African influence found in Caribbean culture?
Why was the age of Revolution important?
Why was William Wilberforce short?
Why do you still study kigali fashion?
Why was the distance 42 km?
Why did Taman on a voyage?
Why did William need to control England?
Why did the Japanese think they were entitled to the Hawaiian Islands?
Why would a European country not want to be a member of the EU?
Why did they change the Illinois capital from Kaskaskia to Vandalia?
Why did the allies keep up the blockade of Germany and austria after the war ended?
Why did America enact immigration restriction acts in the early 19th century?
Why did the US get involed with the Vietnam War?
Why is there more freedoms in America than they are in many other countries?
Why was Daniel Boone important?
Why did the Nazis decide to exterminate the Jews?
Why were the south willing to go to war with the north during the civil war?
Why did ermany sorrender in ww1?
Why has there been a historic gap between the pay women receive and that received by men?
Why do less fortunate need help?
Why did British imperialism hong kong?
Why did fight tournaments at court?
Why did the south seceded?
Why did general stonewall ride with one hand in the air?
Why is the number 5 important to our world?
Why were they called Anderson shelters?
Why is the collapse of the US important to world history?
Why does Carol Matas write War books?
Why was the civil rights movement successful?
Why were people willing to martyr themselves?
Why did Sequoyah die?
Why did the framers think a constitution was necessary to achieve the basic purposes of government?
Why does the goverment have a census?
Why are people moving out of Brazil?
Why is Washington called the symbol for the country?
Why did king George III make American colonists pay more money in taxes?
Why was tsar nicholas and his family murdered?
Why did France leave their country and come to America?
Why were people willing to martyr thremselves during the Renaissance?
Why is Brazilians government federal republic?
Why is racial harmony important?
Why was Samuel Adams decterment after the Americia Revolutionary War?
Why did the Japanese believe that an attack on Pearl Harbor was necessary in 1941?
Why did Australia declare war in World War 1?
Why did the Taliban enforced their rules onto Afghanistan?
Why did the iron curtain finish?
Why was it so difficult for the medeival kings to control the church?
Why did Myanmar change its name?
Why did people when they moved to New York after the war stay there?
Why did baby boom happen?
Why did Russian join World War 1?
Why was the post stamp invented?
Why did the Japanese Leader Manchuria kill himself?
Why did dover chose as county?
Why do people like the city?
Why did people live in Delaware?
Why was it so hard for women to vote in the 19th century?
Why does the federal government provide financial aid?
Why were the Italians not happy with the terms of the Treaty of Versailles?
Why is it that the globe is spherical?
Why does Germany try to take over Berlin?
Why did Italy become a united country?
Why was the south starting to suffer on the home front by the end of 1862?
Why did 500000 Mexican immigrants leave the US during the early years of the Great Depression?
Why do people know so little about world history?
Why did hillary Clinton major become an issue in 1998?
Why was Belgium involved with World War 1?
Why did king Henry split christianiti in half?
Why was the Auschwitz called the gate way to hell?
Why is springfeild the capital?
Why was land so important?
Why is diversity population important?
Why is Oahu different from mundaring?
Why did Asoka become a Buddhist?
Why was the currency act important to south Carolinians?
Why did the commons house of the assembly want to send money to the society for the support of the bill of rights?
Why are Goteborg and Malmo important cities in Sweden?
Why is their a north and South Korea?
Why was Castro considered a harsh dictator by some?
Why do the government leaders make distinction between political and military consequences and responses?
Why was the fort Wagner battlr a turning point to the 54th black?
Why was the fort Wagner battle a turning point to the 54th black?
Why did the population differences between the north and south affect the outcome of the civil war?
Why was the battle of york town important?
Why did people call it the Persian gulf war?
Why did the ottoman Turks surrender?
Why did in seventh century were able to play polo then have problems practing foot binding?
Why did the economic depression of the 1970s happened?
Why do Americans celebrate Independence day on the 4Th of July?
Why did the people not want the monastries closed?
Why was Normandy a success?
Why is Humberstone and Santa Laura Saltpeter Works a site for international impotance?
Why should the civil war important to the rest of the world?
Why were colonies appealing to industrial nations?
Why was the Tom Thumb important?
Why should women have less time on televison then men?
Why did the fourth crusade start?
Why did Alexander Graham Bell wanted to be a inventor?
Why did soldiers during the war want to get trench foot?
Why did farmers give congress so many checks for the president?
Why were Normandy beaches chosen for the d day landings?
Why did Germany fail to develop a strong succession of monarchies?
Why did America chose the golden eagle for its symbol?
Why did japan follow a policy of imperialism at the end of world war one?
Why do you have a federal system of government?
Why is the yucca flower the state flower of New Mexico?
Why do people write about war peace?
Why is the human race never happy?
Why is the American presidency a special office?
Why did the US propopaganda during world war 1?
Why was the constration camp for Jews made?
Why is the sinking of Lusitanianimportant during ww 1?
Why was the first amendment necessary?
Why has England got to part of Europe becaus emy little sister is smarter than me?
Why didnt nicolaus coperincus want to publish his book?
Why were the early people called food gatherers?
Why was bread rationed before World War 2?
Why was the golf war started?
Why did Germans immigrate to Canada during World war 2?
Why did Charles invent the computer?
Why was it necessary to draw a line of demarcation?
Why did the German soldiers first invade?
Why do you think Japanese Americans were the only Americans moved to wra camps?
Why did small and large states disagree about ideas proposed for the constitution?
Why was Texas the ideal cattle country?
Why has the collective security principle been applied so rarely?
Why are so many guys interested in the military these days?
Why was maximilien robespierre so important?
Why does there need to be a queen?
Why is Luxembourg one of the top economies in the world?
Why was Vally Forge a turning point in the Revolutionary War?
Why is there gold trim on the American flag in military court?
Why is philadelphia such an important place?
Why should Jews own Israel?
Why are legislative boundaries changed from time to time?
Why is Zimbabwe classified as a third world nation?
Why did the answer book fall on the man when he was 18 in the summer?
Why were Australian so excited to go to war in 1914?
Why is the sugarcane have to be burned first?
Why did the US doubt its size?
Why was France invaded in world war 2?
Why is Ireland so small?
Why are there so few women in parliament?
Why was Virginia important to the confederacy?
Why were shantytowns built during the Great Depression?
Why do you need geographic literature?
Why is the North Sea so important for Europe?
Why was trench warfare first and last used in WW1?
Why is voltaire important?
Why are the pipeline being guarded?
Why were early textile mills on a river?
Why does the people in french revolution thinks that the solution for their problem is killing?
Why did the Commons House of the Assembly want to send?
Why did the war hawks want to fight great Britain?
Why was the Currency Act important to South?
Why did sectoinalism start in the United states?
Why did England want money from the colonist after the revolutionary war?
Why is revolution the only recourse to the economic crisis in 1600 England and 1700 France?
Why were the treaties created?
Why did the Soviet Union surround itself with satellite states in the cold war?
Why is that Henry loved Jane Seymour the most?
Why was the US Constitution invented?
Why did California decide to join the union back in 1850?
Why are rights and freedom not absolute?
Why was the currency act important to south carolinian?
Why does Lees Summit schools not awards the 100 dollar prize for completing summer school All the other surrounding areas receive this?
Why was the group Pillars made?
Why did Labor party oppose to ban of communist party?
Why are people concerned about status?
Why is the house rule committee known as the traffic cop of the legislative process?
Why was the constitutional convention written?
Why is the American dream dying?
Why did young men want to join the army?
Why does the earths moon have so many phases and why?
Why was Rwanda ignored?
Why has Hezbollah the terrorist organization set up shop in rochester new york?
Why are terrorists crossing the southern and northern borders of the US?
Why are local governments allowed to exempt only churches from paying property taxes and not other organizations?
Why did Vietnamses see the United States as just another inperial power?
Why were the western startes to let woman vote?
Why is Machu Picchu important?
Why did the republican party lost their power during 1974?
Why did the Olympics end?
Why was the constitution so successful?
Why were Jews required to wear the star of david?
Why is there no army company J?
Why are the American people so polarized?
Why did England split into two in 1640?
Why was the Constitution of 1876 written?
Why was Georgia proposed?
Why did Saddam Hussein kill people for?
Why do you want to be the Queen for your state?
Why is England unitary?
Why is Maximilian Robespierre important to the world today?
Why were the north American colonists upset with the government in England?
Why is the ideology of social accomplishment always of the selfish?
Why did the surrounding people decide to put together organizations to help free the Jews?
Why did new imperialism occur?
Why do the events of one decade effect the next?
Why did people want to watch absurd drama?
Why did the constitution strengthen executive power?
Why was ENSA important in the World war 2?
Why is it called London?
Why was MLK arrested?
Why was Germany able to unify?
Why did the Russians enter the war when it was on the brink of revolution?
Why did they attack Pearl Harbor what was there and why did they atack the United States of America?
Why did new zealanders become involved in World War 1?
Why did progressivism occur?
Why did the vietnamese war take so long to end?
Why did men want to join the armed forces?
Why was it so hard for the north to win the civil war?
Why is the city of Miami using Peacemakers a Islamic group tied to terrorism to patrol the steets of Miami Florida?
Why did America not want Germany to take over Europe?
Why did the Americans call the British Lobsterbacks?
Why did the colonial population grow rapidly?
Why did they kill Alexander Livinenko?
Why are there social classes in Britain today?
Why was the Seven Day War significant?
Why is tourism sometimes refered to as a promition of world peace?
Why did the north and the south fight in the battle of fredericksburg?
Why did king Charles marry a Catholic queen?
Why are dams important?
Why did women want the right to vote between 1903 and 1914?
Why did the British preserve official documents?
Why were African brought to the Americans as slaves?
Why did the Aztecs build their city in the middle of the swamp?
Why did they build their city in the middle of a swamp?
Why did the Beatniks choose to rebel against mainstream America what was so wrong about it?
Why should education be free?
Why was it one of the largest conflicts among Americans?
Why is Eastchester New York the home of the bill of rights?
Why did the writers of the constitutions divide the gov into three branches?
Why was the sixteenth amendment passed?
Why did Americans support isolationism after WW1?
Why do people not speak their own language in Ireland?
Why did France first become interested in North America?
Why were the Balkans considered the power keg of Europe?
Why is it important to change the constitution?
Why did the national assembly lose the support of french peseants?
Why did American democracy during the Gilded Age seemed remarkably healthy?
Why do college students get involve in the civil rights movement?
Why are we celebrating independenceday?
Why did the people of California want to become a state?
Why did the neo Nazis move from the us to Germany?
Why was inventors important to the Industrial war?
Why did the federal government not respond adequately to the demands od urbanization and industrialization?
Why did Jewish people come to Canada?
Why does the Chinese government not let a family have more than one child?
Why did prime minister sell east Florida to the US?
Why did Andres bonifacio become a hero?
Why is shiwalik prone to landslides?
Why did Palestinians leave?
Why were the benefits of the mineral revolution unevenly shared between blacks and whites?
Why is UNICEF a United Nation organizatation working with terrorists murderers?
Why did California became involved in World War 2 and how did Californians feel?
Why did Georgia meet with other states in Montgomery Alabama?
Why does traffic congestion increase close to the city center?
Why did the American colonists have to be self reliant?
Why is it that the government recognizes the important role of the youth in the nation building?
Why do African countries export unprocessed raw materials to developed countries?
Why cant the 10 admendments be changed?
Why did they invent paper?
Why is the presidential election date always the first Tuesday after the First Monday of November?
Why did the US went to fight in Iraq?
Why did gold miners set out?
Why are promissory notes not reliable?
Why do you think countries have national anthems or songs?
Why did the first Federal Parliament sit in Canberra in 1927?
Why was mesopotamias location between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers signifacant to the development of a civilization?
Why did Islam expand?
Why do they call people from the Netherlands dutch?
Why did the manufacturer of the B2 bomber use parts from the first plane to build the second plane?
Why did the early settlers move to New Zealand?
Why is it that Philippine literature is important?
Why did the US intervene in Cuba in 1959?
Why are women migrating today and the consequences of this migration for the and their families?
Why are women migrating today and the consequences of this migration for the and their families?
Why is the price of commodity used of scarcity?
Why do you need demography?
Why is it that the most accurate prophesy about Jesus and American history comes from England Britain American rock and roll music?
Why were male composers more famous than female composers?
Why do definitional problems interfere with the adminstration of the American with disability act?
Why is the SUV called Yukon?
Why did the gladiators fight?
Why might mercantilism have led to cononial discontent?
Why was Sir Thomas More killed?
Why is income tax a constitutional amendment?
Why did America pull troops out of the Vietnam War?
Why was sobibor closed?
Why did Canterbury become a place of pilgrimage?
Why did Bruce Jenner decide to be in the Olympics?
Why do people think that queen Mary of Scots was 1st cousin to elizabeth the first when in fact they have the same father king Henry the 8th which made the 2 queens half sisters?
Why are wealthy people divided amongst the poor people?
Why should a new mall be built?
Why should the people be ready to fight for their freedom?
Why do rastafarians not wear shorts?
Why did towns grow so fast during the 19th century?
Why is it that most people of American USA nationality insult those of the Canadian Canada nationality?
Why did the parliament wear wigs?
Why did a democratic nation failed to address crisis peacefully?
Why did people support conscription?
Why is the year 1800 so important?
Why is this world so full of bigotry?
Why was so many people dead due to the cause of starvation?
Why did Nazism appeal to Germans in 1930?
Why were there so many civilian deaths in WW1?
Why do you have Indipendance Day?
Why do some African countries speak french?
Why did export of capital affected africans continent?
Why was US interested in Latin American?
Why did Japan isolate?
Why is human differ widely from each other?
Why are Revolutions often violent?
Why does the National Guard Bureau Seal have the international symbol of fascism on it?
Why is the Texas governor called the first among equals?
Why did progressives and dixiecrats boltthe democratic party in 1948?
Why did diggers have to have a gold license?
Why might most megalithics sites be located near the oceans?
Why do people like saying pie in middle school?
Why were the Sioux a hunting and gathering society?
Why is it citizen army training is important?
Why was the Philippines called Perlas ng Silanganan?
Why did japan change capitals in the start of the new era?
Why was the first admendment written?
Why is geography connected to history?
Why do people negotiate?
Why did the French colony of San Dominque declare independence as the country of Haiti in 1804?
Why was the tooth brush invented?
Why are human beings ethnocentric?
Why is there the north and the South Korea?
Why did the southern states opposed the Constitution explain who opposed it and why?
Why do you have to pay to access the internet?
Why is travelling across the ocean considered to be an important part of history?
Why do the Japanese claim that you attacked first?
Why did Australians overwhelmingly vote yes in the 1967 referendum?
Why is crime lower in Canada?
Why would that label be misleading today?
Why were railways unpopular?
Why is it illegal for country not to allow a current recident to have apassport?
Why do people become unsuccessful in life?
Why are africans starving?
Why was the battle of the somme so important?
Why does liquid nitrogen freeze?
Why does liquid nitrogen freez ?
Why does the entertainment business make more than any other business?
Why is a strong minor party candidate of concern?
Why has ethnicity survived in the us?
Why were many Italians unhappy in the years following the first world war?
Why is media the watchdog of democracy of India?
Why was the statue of Ramses built?
Why do protestants not want a united Ireland?
Why is the Philippines population grow?
Why did a land bridge exist between Asia and North America 15000 years ago?
Why is the Gettysburg so respected now a days?
Why did Paris Peace Conference failed to preserve peace in Europe?
Why is the study of ancient relics is very important?
Why do beggars and braggarts exist?
Why was government develop?
Why do you see the matariki in the sky for only a little while?
Why did Texas join US?
Why are stone gargoyles on the walls of Notre Dame?
Why was Leonardo da vince important to the rennaissance?
Why was Tikal deserted?
Why do Americans continue to tolerate the antiquated and inappropriate Electoral College system?
Why do most Americans seem to believe that organized conspiracies do not exist in America?
Why has the population of Americans incarcerated rose to millions one out of every 100 Americans?
Why is the meeting so important?
Why did hippies leave society?
Why did the south think slavery was good?
Why is the rapid growth of cities in the late 1800s both a cause and an effect?
Why was the saying Least you forget made up for the Aussie troops?
Why are creamy white skinned African Americans labeled black yet IndiansIndia are not?
Why do some states want different clean gasoline programs than the Federal program?
Why was the nonaligned movement formed?
Why did Tamania become a state?
Why did New Zealand become a sovereign nation?
Why do you want to join rei agro?
Why does Taiwan need to spend so much on armament?
Why have the democractic and republican party been so durable so as to maintain existence since the civil war?
Why did the suffragette happen?
Why is an ideology important to a nation?
Why is movement important to history?
Why did the rise of totalitarianism happen?
Why did Columbus want to find plants and metals?
Why is the date November 30 11971 ce famous?
Why was pyongyang chosen as the capital of north Korea?
Why did the people of the USpropose and ratify the 18th Amendment?
Why is discovery important?
Why did people migrate to Australia after Vietnam War?
Why do we need state?
Why is Bismarck called the architect of Germany and I need a large answer pls pls help me with this?
Why is almost every developed country located in the northern hemisphere?
Why do early people use bows and arrows?
Why did men enter social contract?
Why was uv light chossen to be the variable in the forg expierent?
Why did the pearl harbour attacked started?
Why do some people live here for a long time before they become Australian citizens?
Why did both attempts to settle Roanoke fail?
Why is Roanoke famous in the history of America?
Why did mikhali kalashnikov make the ak 47?
Why are government necessary?
Why did the early colonist settlers come?
Why did people in England brick over there windows in the 18th century?
Why is the Russian georgian conflict called the cold war?
Why do Chinese miners keep vegetable patches?
Why did the federalists want a strong central government?
Why is America richer than Cambodia?
Why is marijuanna illegal and booze not?
Why did the Democratic National Convention go first?
Why is croydon called croydon?
Why is it important to understand when and why people became farmers?
Why do some people fear black men?
Why would you want to know about Ivan pavlov?
Why was the lord chamberlains men thetre group changed to kings men?
Why wasnt there any actresses in shakespeares plays?
Why did some colonist support a boycott of English goods?
Why did the Americans separate from England?
Why is foreign Policy important?
Why are people afraid of war?
Why is gender important as regards American politics?
Why are some people call the great?
Why was the Constitution considered such an unusual document?
Why was Anne Hutchinson forced to leave Massachusetts?
Why did Victorian children have to work?
Why did the french and Indians side in the deerfield massacre?
Why is the governor an important national figure?
Why were the merchants dissatisified with their role?
Why is a state sovereign?
Why is the first article of the constitution the legislative branch of government?
Why is the senate split into three different classes?
Why was self governing necessary in the colonies?
Why was transport important in 1750?
Why was 35 years old chosen as the age to be eligible to run for president?
Why were farmers of the constitution careful to limit the powers of the federal govermment?
Why do do people think if you use nonviolence the world would be different?
Why were Indians able to enlarge but not Romans?
Why is the second amendment so impotant?
Why was the visit of Rizal to Japan the happiest interlude of his life?
Why do so many people speake spanish?
Why is it different to other wars?
Why is it socially acceptable to degrade men on tv and in general?
Why do you think that agriculture necessarily leads to sedentarization?
Why should governments consult stakeholders?
Why was Robespierre guillotined?
Why do people live in megacities What are the pressures people face living in megacities?
Why was the Renaissance society considered secular?
Why is swedens life expectance higher than the us?
Why did Joseph McCarthy believe Hollywood might play a big role in a communist uprising in America?
Why is irrigation important to society?
Why were early towns built near oceans or rivers?
Why have there been few changes to the constitution?
Why are refugees forced to flee from there own contury?
Why were these early victories so important to the continental army?
Why is King Kamehameha you honored in Hawaii?
Why did the constitution have such broad support?
Why is the president called the chief foreign policy maker?
Why would a country want an empire?
Why do campaigns cost so much money?
Why do we have state symbols?
Why is it important to science that the revolution occured?
Why did the pilgrims miss their destination while traveling to the new world?
Why were the intolerable acts intolerable to the colonists?
Why do people want to visit ayres rock?
Why did gandhi ji started non cooperation movement?
Why did the Europeans in the 15th Century want to explore the New World?
Why did the British cival war start?
Why did people come to America in the past?
Why did people cross the land bridge to come to America?
Why were social classes important?
Why are the mound builders important to us?
Why do the people need to migrate west?
Why did the framers of the constitution give congress the power to tax?
Why did the first white people to go to America?
Why did polish immigrate to America?
Why was segregation of children in grade or high school rejected during plessey vs Ferguson?
Why is European Russia important?
Why do people live on the river thames?
Why is America a super power?
Why is liberty difficult and expensive to maintain?
Why did the native Americans found New York?
Why is Learning History Important?
Why did the Olympics stop and how did it start again?
Why is the declaration of independince one of the most important documents in history?
Why was this process changed by the Twelfth Amendment?
Why does Abigail threaten betty?
Why is the Plateau of Tibet sometimes called the roof of the world?
Why is israel holy?
Why did it take America so long to destroy Hitler?
Why was King Harold II in a weaker poition after fighting Harald Hadrada?
Why is Narmer a legendary hero in acient Egyptian history?
Why did the french build a string of forts in the Ohio valley?
Why is Memphis Nashville Clarksville important cities in Tennessee?
Why did the currency act happened?
Why does the US owe china?
Why were early govnments afraid of rule by the people?
Why did the people of tera have to leave so suddenly?
Why were the English the most successful in establishing colonies in America?
Why was the potato famine a danger?
Why did the British wear bright red uniforms?
Why did People moving to middle colonies?
Why is Frederick Douglas significant to history?
Why do many countries end with the letter A?
Why are blocks placed in trenches?
Why did girls not get a good education in the 1760s?
Why does freedom represent America?
Why is the process of informal amendment important to understanding constitutional change?
Why were europeans interested in Asia?
Why did europeans want to go to Asia?
Why did the Abolitionist movement Happen?
Why are bad leaders chosen?
Why did state officails seize farmers land?
Why do people leave their homeland?
Why were some people willing to die for their belief in swearing?
Why was codfish important in the discovery of the Americas?
Why is it important from a political perspective to be recognized as a nation and simply not an ethnic group?
Why did Henry change the Bible into English?
Why is it important to keep other people informed about progress?
Why would Britain want to avoid the War of 1812?
Why do the earthquakes happen you the world?
Why do they call mesopotamia the cradle of civilization?
Why do men and woman serve in the war?
Why do people choose to die for political reasons?
Why do people borrow?
Why did the settlers say they could not pay the custom duties?
Why is what molly pitcher did important?
Why is it so hard being a teenager?
Why did the first American Indians live near water?
Why did the US want the territory Guam?
Why is the phoenix the symbol of war?
Why are people for going to war?
Why was feudalism introduced?
Why was finding new land important to the Discovery Age?
Why did some Americans object so strongly to british efforts to tax them?
Why did many colonists move to the frontier?
Why did life for Africans in the Americas change?
Why was NJ so far behind in public education?
Why were ration books issued?
Why did leif Ericsson die?
Why were European disease devastating to the people of America?
Why did people move to the great plains?
Why were fast growing cities near waterways?
Why is the constitution cpsidred a living document?
Why did the North consider the Cilvil War a rebellion?
Why might someone view the colonization of Africa wrong?
Why were the northern states angry with the southern states?
Why was American imperialism adopt?
Why is the world messed up?
Why did the states write constitutions?
Why is it good to have a body of common law instead of the individual law of each noble?
Why did peter the great build a new capital of russia?
Why should anyone who moves to America speak English?
Why do you need to seprate church and state?
Why are there world conflicts?
Why did soilders have to go back to war after being wounded?
Why was the confederation government authority so limited?
Why do people declare war?
Why does Africans are dark?
Why does gold sink to the bottom of the gold rocker?
Why were Greek theatres shaped like a semi circle?
Why is Japan so wealthy?
Why is it important to know other culture?
Why are historical places important?
Why didnt Muslims and armenians like each other?
Why was the battle of saratoga so important to the American colonist?
Why was the 15th amendment signed?
Why did us become involved in the war 2?
Why do the sealanders think that their society is superior to that of Waknuk?
Why did farmers support free silver?
Why were the Coericve Acts called the Intollerable Acts?
Why were the acadians in new France?
Why was the flag at half mast today November 9?
Why is Adolf Hitler important in history?
Why did the hessians fight?
Why did Frederick who was seven or eight not know the month of his sailing?
Why did the war between the English and colonists happen?
Why is poverty a problem?
Why does the filament have the shape it does?
Why did the rich fear the poor in the 16th century?
Why are there great people?
Why do people abuse black people?
Why did Bolivar make himself dictator in 1828?
Why do immigrants immigrate?
Why did Squanto decide to help the people who were poor or starved?
Why are bells rung in parliament?
Why were the British angry at the colonists after concord?
Why is it important to study republic act 1425?
Why did oliver Hopkins go to war?
Why is water important to earth?
Why can the British be considered the victors over the French?
Why did monks travel to other abbbeys in medieval England?
Why would monks use the same routes in medieval England?
Why did Iranians revolt in 1979 and how did their country change as a result?
Why were the early czars and nobles in conflick?
Why did Studios leave Fort Lee?
Why should district of Columbia become a state?
Why did people in the area not like Muhammad teaching?
Why did the women love Benjamin Franklin?
Why should you care about American troops in Iraq?
Why did the doctors on Ellis Island put chalk marks on the sick immigrants?
Why is the Liberian flag similar to the American flag?
Why did Bulgaria enter ww2?
Why was the war of vic burk importany?
Why did Charles I go to war with Spain?
Why did you have world war l and ll?
Why should you build a homeless shelter and a soup kitchen?
Why is there a lack of government services in the projects?
Why did president Washington want both Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton to be among his closet advisers?
Why were the normans so keen to claim that this oath to place?
Why was the bayuex tapestry made?
Why were the political parties formed?
Why are the reasons that nations go to war?
Why were middle and southern colonies better suited for cash crops?
Why was light bulbs important during war?
Why is America at War With Jews?
Why do most Australians hate Asians?
Why is the munda tribe endangered?
Why was the American war especially devastating to the US?
Why was Charlemagne considered unique?
Why does society provide activities for teens to run ragged?
Why was the first Thanksgiving feast held?
Why did the dream write sixteen at war?
Why were many Americans in favor of going to war with Mexico?
Why do you think that the early peoples would want to live in cities in Mesopotamia?
Why does war start?
Why did most slave owner beat their slaves?
Why did immigrants often live together in communities with other immigrants?
Why does the government have a census?
Why did the Pilgrims bring a jack with them to America?
Why did parliament want to tax the colonist?
Why did the Indians and the whites appeared unable to live peacefully side by side?
Why is the telegraph important to the civil war?
Why did the USA almost go to war with Britain?
Why did Claudius bring seashells to a war?
Why did the Suffragists fail to win the vote?
Why is melting point good for the society?
Why were pro slavery southerners so eager to push for further expansion in Nicaragua Cuba and elsewhere in the 1850s?
Why do they used shouldered point for?
Why was Gargil war happened?
Why are the seven scarments important?
Why did businesses employ children in factories in the 1900s?
Why was the US interested in exploring land west of its boundaries?
Why do Americans believe they are free when they are ruled by a government that is dominated by corporate power?
Why are flags flown at half staff?
Why did the economic war of 1932 end?
Why did world war 22222 start?
Why do some countries refuse refugees?
Why are people getting persecuted today because of their beliefs?
Why do white men kill in war?
Why are sweatshops used?
Why did the angolans war happen?
Why do cavemen use drawings to comunicate?
Why did wold war start?
Why were some pilgrims sick on the mayflower?
Why do governments make war?
Why would the war hawks have a great pride?
Why is there a war going on?
Why might it be said that Greeks were losers in the Polynesian war?
Why was a section of land set aside to support public schools under the land ordinance?
Why do people emigrate because of war and recessions?
Why was fire fighting invented?
Why did America win the revoulutionary war?
Why do Mexican immigrants assimilate slower than other immigrants?
Why did the pilgrims live England and such places to go on the Mayflower?
Why is it militarism alliances imperialism and nationalism are the main cause of war?
Why is Winfield Scott Hancock important to the Army of Potomac?
Why did charlemagnes size enhance his image?
Why has the number of minorities in the senate decreased?
Why was US interested in acquring Hawaii?
Why is the Mississippi River is so important?
Why was the Revoulutiory war important?
Why did Oscar de la Renta come to America?
Why was the Hudson Bay company started?
Why is William Lloyd Garrison so important?
Why did woodland first nations people use tobacco?
Why should Napoleon have waited until spring to attack Russia?
Why did delegates to the costitutional convention agree to meet behind locked doors and to keep their deliberations secret until the convention was over?
Why does ophelia goes mad?
Why is archaeology a physical activity?
Why did the American and Filipinos had a war?
Why did Neanderthals die?
Why is Oliver Cromwell called a hypocrite?
Why are the Rhineland areas of Alsace and Lorraine important?
Why was the new model army created?
Why is the western civilization declining?
Why did Panama break away from Colomiba?
Why did America practice isolationism in war?
Why were Americans afraid of Irish immigrints?
Why did Edgar Allan Poe get married to his thirteen year old cousin?
Why were there so many conflicts during the 20th century?
Why did countries search for new markets?
Why was the guerillas romantcized after the war?
Why was the cinema so popular in the war?
Why did steel industries do well prior to World War 1?
Why is today an important day in history?
Why did the framers give congress the power to issue money?
Why is it so nice that you use oil from America?
Why should Pakistan control Kashmir?
Why did mrs Puntman send Ruth to Tituba?
Why did the vieotham war occur?
Why did the Era of good feeling disintegrate into the seond party system?
Why was Paul Revere in the War of Independence?
Why did indentured servitude leave their homeland?
Why is Grendel killed?
Why did the US feel they needed to meke the word safe for democracy?
Why did the europeans want to control constantinople?
Why does it matter which committee a bill is sent to?
Why did the sea empress oil spil happen?
Why did the first punic war happen?
Why did Adam Smith advise nations to allow their economies to remain as free as possible from government interference?
Why was Mohammad bin qasim sent to India?
Why is Mesopotamia viewed as the cradle of civilization?
Why was Joseph Goebbels called the poison dwarf?
Why was Pakistan formed as a nation at the time India gained independence?
Why do they want to open the border between the us and Mexico?
Why does the slash and burn happen?
Why did many Irish and Germans immigrate to the US in the 1840s and 1850s?
Why is Sudan the country that has the warmest climate year round?
Why did the colonies reject the idea of virtual representation?
Why were so many African Societies Polygamous?
Why did the French revolution cause dissension?
Why was the terrorist banned?
Why does the Czech Republic flag look like it does?
Why is Susanna Dickinson so famous?
Why did Assyrians invade Phoenicians?
Why were their hardships in the revolutionary war?
Why is the 14th Amendment of the US Constitution important to immigrants?
Why did they have social classes?
Why were colinies found?
Why is king tuts mask important?
Why did the british want such a big empire?
Why did James Fannin come to Texas?
Why do seismic wave travel at different speeds?
Why did idi amin become a dictator?
Why did Columbus sail west instead of east on his first voyage?
Why were the Hyksos able to conquer Egypt?
Why did Leif Ericsondecide to go to this new land?
Why did the world war to start?
Why did political parties emerge in America?
Why were peasants and serfs so willing to put up with these hardships?
Why did air new zealand fly its flags at half mast?
Why did the Stone Age people practiced slah and burn agriculture?
Why did US enter war war 1?
Why was confuius a important historical figure?
Why was susanna Dickinson famous?
Why was the Algerian war an exception?
Why did the US became imperialist power?
Why do developing countries have a greater percentage of people under the age 15 than do developed countries?
Why does America have foreign policy?
Why did Ruth kelly resign?
Why did the Persian empire take place?
Why did Paul Revere fight in wars?
Why was Haile Selassie so important to Rastafarianism?
Why did German immigrants immigrate to the US?
Why was the slave population doubled between 1820 and 1850?
Why is Indiana flag blue?
Why was the soviet union unprepared for hitlers attack in June 1941?
Why did First Natives want to celebrate potlatch?
Why didnt the 13 colonies want to ratify the constitiution?
Why were Victorian toy handmade?
Why were the Senates jealous of Julius Caesar?
Why did the quiet revolution happen?
Why would great Britain want control of burma?
Why did the pioneers leave for the west?
Why were the soldiers in ww1 living in such squalid conditions?
Why did Venezuela dislike Vice President Nixon?
Why was the Louisina Purchase a controverisal one?
Why do civil war battles have two different names?
Why was the eighth amendment proposed?
Why are there two parts of the legislative branch?
Why are cultures important?
Why were the Metis people very angry?
Why did the conspirators want brutus on their side?
Why were the colonists proud of their actions at the battle of Bunker Hill?
Why was Sybil Ludington nicknamed the female Paul Revere?
Why did South Africa give the apartheid system in 1994?
Why is there a lion on the Canadian coat of arms?
Why did Magellan sail the pacific?
Why were the spanish able to defeat the Aztec and incas?
Why does some of the Costa Rican flags have the symbols and others do not?
Why is the Roman Coliseum in Italy broken?
Why do native warrior would attack settlers as they moved westwards across the plains with their families?
Why did European and the American imperialism grow?
Why did the TVA fail?
Why was Victorian England so poor?
Why were some immigrants rejected on Ellis island?
Why was the peace pipe important?
Why are monsoons important to Indian farmers?
Why was Connecticut an attractive settlement?
Why did Nathatniel Bacon cause a rebellion?
Why is the German you boat called the German you boat?
Why was the trojon war fought?
Why were black cowboys important to the century?
Why were black cowboys important to the turn of the century?
Why were the stories of panchatantra written?
Why did the Tuskegee airmen want to fly planes in World War 2?
Why are samari important to world history?
Why was John Paul Jones famous?
Why is sixteen and eighteen important ages in Puerto Rico?
Why is prejudice?
Why were the US and the US raceing to go to space?
Why are dictatorships and monarchies considered autocratic political system?
Why was Washington DC chosen as the nations capital?
Why did the fedual system work?
Why was a printer invented?
Why was the Taj Mahal imortant?
Why is worls war 2 important?
Why were the gunpowders developed?
Why did the settle in vingiria?
Why did they settle in vingiria?
Why did the Cherokee not want to move?
Why does British Columbia has little population?
Why is Columbus credited with discovering America?
Why did the US enter into a war with Iraq?
Why was the first amendment so important at the time it was written?
Why is it important to study government?
Why did Japanese immigrants?
Why is Jackson important?
Why did President Wilson want to revise the tariff system?
Why do people in poverty stay in the same place?
Why did john Adams push for passage of the alien act?
Why were Louis the XVI and Marie Antoinette important?
Why did J Robert Oppenheimer study physics?
Why does Lincoln win in 1860?
Why is the aswan dam important to the people in Egypt?
Why was there no peace between the peace of westphalia and the treaty of Paris?
Why is most House business conducted with the committee of the Whole?
Why did quebec try and separate from the US?
Why is it important to remind people of the history of Hugh latimer and nicholas ridley?
Why is pico famous?
Why did many Italians support the Fascist party?
Why did England want to take over the dutch colony?
Why do we hang stockings over the fireplace?
Why did US not go into depression after world war 2?
Why did the colonists create the house of burgesses?
Why was john Locke famous?
Why were the buffalo soldiers called buffalo soldiers?
Why would the senate be more favorable in smaller states?
Why did ancient civilizations consider astronomy to be important?
Why does the moon surface look that way?
Why was wembley stadium demolished?
Why did the dynastic rule ended in China?
Why did Christopher Marlowe and Sir Walter Raleigh hated each other?
Why did Hernado Cortes want to discover gold?
Why does poverty affect people?
Why would horizontal or vertical integration help a company?
Why were there 500000 deaths in the US at the end of the war?
Why did francis drakes explore?
Why were flags at half mast on December 21?
Why were the Romans able to expand so quickly?
Why did akbar build fatehpur sikri?
Why did the California missions spread Christianity?
Why did dick Chaney shoot someone in the face?
Why was golf banned in 1547?
Why do we let people starve or go hungry?
Why was Louisiana named like that?
Why was the colony of new york founded started?
Why is the Tudor Rose still around?
Why is Caroline pearce not doing sky 1 show gladiators?
Why did they end the Armenian?
Why is it important in modern society?
Why is it important for very country to have a flag?
Why was Paul Revere an important figure in the American Revolution?
Why is free news media important and what are different forms of news media?
Why was moral diplomacy important?
Why is the west allied with Israel?
Why did the prophet muhammed die?
Why do you use stamps?
Why do you see red blood?
Why is it that other country have a prince and princess?
Why do people enjoy history?
Why do adult men wear their pants higher than young men do?
Why was edfu built?
Why are many people becoming more and more poor?
Why did highwaymen do what they did?
Why did the british explorer inspect the monolith so carefully with his monocle?
Why is the Eiffel Tower a landmark?
Why do Hamas militants shoot rockets into Israel?
Why did the battle of fallen timbers happen?
Why did Cugnot invent a car?
Why did the first immigrant group to come to Maryland come to the US?
Why was the mall invented?
Why do you need to learn functional English?
Why is it war?
Why did Cortes wanted to vist Mexico?
Why are insulators important in electronics?
Why did they stop build the pyramids?
Why is freedom to assemble important?
Why was the Mexican war a showcase?
Why did Washington chose the first cabinet?
Why were the Italian city states important to the Renaissance?
Why was the purpose of the Stamp Act of 1765?
Why were the governments in the sixteenth century worried about heretics?
Why is the pyramid of Khafre smaller than it used to be?
Why is the Middle East and North Africa known as the Crossroads of the World?
Why is the Tournament of Roses called that?
Why were the New Deals Programs made?
Why did trappers come to Utah?
Why were the LA riots important?
Why were cambodians killed by?
Why does atticus think tom Robinson could not have beaten mayella as she says he did?
Why was the apartheid violent?
Why is the beard so important in Egypt?
Why did montesquieu believe the power of government should be divided?
Why was Egypt imperialized?
Why were attempts at railroad regulation often unsucessful?
Why did Sir john A McDonald impossed a head tax to Chinese imagrant?
Why was this mission built at this location?
Why did the most the fighting in the Civil War take place in the Confederate South?
Why do people support Osama bin Laden?
Why has it been said that your society is in the midst of an energy crisis?
Why is phoebe a sun?
Why did unions have more powers than individual workers to improve conditions?
Why was Georgia a colony for debtors?
Why are so many people jobless?
Why was Stephen F Austin in jail?
Why do people quick deed their homes?
Why was George Washington so successful?
Why was a Coat of Arms important?
Why did the confederate soldiers experience hunger in the civil war?
Why did people explored and settled in America?
Why did Ferdinand Magellen Find North Carolina?
Why did parliament want the colonists to pay taxes?
Why did general filisola believe santa Anna should delay his return to Mexico?
Why was San Antonio de Padua closed?
Why was the battle camden fought?
Why did Ozzy start drugs?
Why is the presidential inauguration held on January 20th?
Why is Emily carr famous?
Why do you like blood?
Why were the Irish being discriminated?
Why did Che help in the Cuban revolution?
Why are team meetings important?
Why did the battle of valcour bay happen?
Why did speakeasies pop up across the country?
Why does Vladimir Putin disagree with NATO?
Why was the Stamp Act put in place?
Why might a labor union be against immigration?
Why did Texas declare war on Mexico?
Why is Benedict Arnold famous for?
Why did the democrates lose the white house in 1920?
Why do they consider the Maya a single civilization?
Why was New Years day made a holiday?
Why did Congress have problems paying for the war?
Why did the pioneers travel westward?
Why does Burma have a non democratic government?
Why is meeting important?
Why did the Cayuse Indians attack the Whitman mission?
Why did Dean Kamen invent the water purification device?
Why was propaganda a good method of war?
Why does nobody know what Jesus looked like?
Why is Gold Mined?
Why are the Mexicans immigrating to the US?
Why did the parliament want to tax the colonists?
Why did britist sell opium to china?
Why did the amelioration proposal failed?
Why did settlers come to Jamestown originally?
Why did people leave from Europe to come to America?
Why did Anthony Ashley Cooper come to South Carolina?
Why did America boycott Chinese goods?
Why did Juan Almontes compare the Texas economy to a continual fair?
Why were political parties were first formed?
Why are town meetings important?
Why did president Jackson ask congress to approve the Force Bill?
Why was Russia vulnerable to attacks before the Mongol invasion?
Why did the city of Greece use reciprocity?
Why did Henry the second fall out with thomas becket?
Why did the poor have fewer advantages than the rich in 1912 on the titanic?
Why is the constitution important to your government?
Why was the headphone invented?
Why are the Government corporations are distinct from other agencies and bureaus in the federal bureaucracy?
Why did the halocaust happened?
Why was chancellorsville fought?
Why did the government needed to be change in the colonies?
Why do you think the North waited so long to allow the African Americans to fight in the war?
Why was the cavalry was first sent to the Plains?
Why would a person travel through the silk road?
Why is the gold Rush important to the history of California?
Why did native Americans not get the panhandle of Oklahoma as a part of the reservation?
Why did Upton Sinclair go jail?
Why were the colors of the Italian flag chosen?
Why do absolute rulers still exist today?
Why was the island hopping campaign successful?
Why was Rutherford Hayes called the dark horse candidate?
Why did the states south of Pennsylvania cling to slavery?
Why is it such a burden to take responsibility?
Why did the puritans leave Massachusetts bay colony to go to Connecticut?
Why was the election of 1828 called stolen or corrupt?
Why is good to visit Buckingham Palace?
Why is it called toad in the hole?
Why do the United States have the preamble?
Why was the US vs Miller case so important?
Why did Alexis de Tocqueville come to America?
Why did nat love have to take care of his family?
Why did the Islamic culture held power so long without invasion and interference?
Why was there an effect of the age of reason in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries?
Why was the bourne bridge built?
Why did president harrison serve such short term?
Why do you give blood?
Why was the league establish?
Why was Cynisca famous?
Why did the East India Company want a 3rd trading settlement in the Malay Archipelago?
Why did Alberta wait so long to join confederation?
Why did street dance originate?
Why was there Division between rich and poor 1891?
Why did most southerners support the fugitive slave act?
Why did Philip II want all countries to be catholic?
Why was the political party whigs expelled in 1842?
Why were chambers built in pyramids?
Why were children evacuated in the World War II?
Why do nativists object to open immigration?
Why is Russia against Israel?
Why is Russia not an ally to Israel?
Why was the 14th amendment created?
Why are British army officers called ruperts?
Why did people move to the colony William penn founded?
Why is the population density so low in Botswana?
Why did towns develop?
Why did Sir Samuel Tilley want confederation?
Why did the Australians participate in the Korean War?
Why have groups in belgium been in conflict?
Why were the regulators formed?
Why did Dr king moveto MontgomeryAlabama?
Why did the Texans support the constitution of 1824?
Why did the battle of naseby start?
Why are the wright brothers important to the 1900?
Why did Europeans come to North America?
Why did the economy of virgina and North Carolina differed from the rest of the south?
Why did the US begin to practice imperialism?
Why did the north waited so long to allow the African Americans to fight in the war?
Why is Israel a terroris tcoutry?
Why do people tend to live a poverty life?
Why did john gutenburg die?
Why was finding a shorter route to Asia important?
Why did Stalin send people to siberia?
Why is Israel stuck in a two sided war?
Why would chlorine gas did certain weather conditions?
Why did chlorine gas need certain weather conditions?
Why was the battle of Verdun in world war 1 indecisive?
Why did Columbia immigrate to the US?
Why are native Americans ecologist?
Why was the congress involved in the articles?
Why did the Chernobyl N reactor catch fire?
Why did the french and ndian war start?
Why would a country want to establish a colonial movement in a foreign land?
Why did the little rock nine want to go to little rock high school?
Why was the motion picture important?
Why did the US fight in the war?
Why was the gunpowder plot so important in Britain?
Why do Egyptians mean by saying The Gift of the Nile?
Why did colonist come to New York?
Why is tourism the main industry in the Bahamas?
Why did Thomas Hobbes flee England?
Why did madam cj walker lose her hair?
Why would a senator us a filibuster?
Why did Charlemagne become a legend?
Why is the rock record for any given location incomplete?
Why is there government at all to begin with?
Why did fewer Athenians vote to convict Socrates than what voted to execute him?
Why is it good for a business to have money coming in regularly?
Why was the battle of Shiloh fought?
Why did us business leaders favor imperialism?
Why is it the 56th inaugural but its only the 44th president?
Why did vicki winan divorce?
Why was only the government allowed to conduct foreign trade?
Why might Virginia be the birthplace of so many presidents?
Why do states need to be concerded about laws passed in other states?
Why did settlers moved to Ga?
Why did tax laws passed by Parliament anger the colonists?
Why was the Ohio Valley important to both the French and the british?
Why did the south and north vietnamese go to war?
Why was Paul Revere responsable?
Why is Egypt separated into lower and upper Egypt?
Why did New Englanders organize the Hartford convention?
Why is the French Revolution significant today?
Why did Bessie Blount invent the device?
Why did Colonel Fannin retreat from Goliad?
Why is France known as conceptual strategists?
Why is it called a linen press?
Why did Americans support the eighteenth amendment?
Why did Sieur de la Salle explore?
Why did British Suffragettes seeking the vote for women lead to WW1?
Why did shakespears theatre burn down?
Why are they called tories?
Why was king Charles 1st beheaded?
Why did the Aztecs believe Cortes had the right to be in Mexico?
Why did the egyptians animals?
Why was the Virginia company of London important?
Why was New york important to the American revolution?
Why is the north west passage important?
Why was the union better then the confederacy in the civil war?
Why might the President be inclined to make an executive agreement with a nation rather than a treaty?
Why did the Southern states add grandfather clauses to their state constitution?
Why did Thomas Hobbes believe in the rule of a king?
Why did New York and New Jersey become English colonies?
Why was the Mississippi River so important?
Why does Britain drive on the left and most of the rest of the world on the right side of the road?
Why did Coretta Scott king go to jail?
Why were people worried about the queen and the archbishop?
Why was governing difficult for Washington?
Why has Iraq war site shut down?
Why are foreign affairs important?
Why did Elizabeth the 1st hade a war?
Why does Iraq want war with every place each year?
Why was Social Darwinism the US becoming a world leader?
Why did colonists lose bunker hill?
Why did some of the farmers in the dust bowl give up and move?
Why is the eagle holding the olive branch in his right talon rather than his left?
Why are timelines important?
Why did the mafia origanate?
Why did most of the firstdutch settlers come to new jersey?
Why did the british win the Battle at Brandywine Creek?
Why did elizabeth combine the protestant and the Catholic church together?
Why did Daniel Webster oppose nullification?
Why do people like Vermont?
Why is education so important to the puritans?
Why did Homo erectus Began to migrate to Africa?
Why is the 16th amendment a progressive amendment?
Why is there no taxation without representation?
Why is it important to learn the history of education?
Why did the drafters of the constitution feel a need for a stronger government?
Why did cecil Rhodes imperialize Africa?
Why would the president prefer executive agreement?
Why did the Thirteen colonies no longer owed loyalty to the British king?
Why was Harold Godwinson well prepared for the battle of hastings?
Why did drking receive the nobel piece prize?
Why would you need to do that?
Why do you to study philipppine history?
Why did the East India company stop trading?
Why are legends often associated with the birth of great religious leaders?
Why is the vise president sworn before the president?
Why did the egyptians live on the black land?
Why did US refused to help Cubans?
Why does racism happen to people?
Why is child poverty happening?
Why is it that slave masters bring their slaves to your home?
Why is inauguration held at noon?
Why do you need to study Philippines history?
Why was the continental navy established?
Why was the roman army so successful 5 reasons?
Why did the Indonesians go to the Philippines?
Why did Henry viii not want to be married to Cathrine of aragon anymore?
Why was lreland a neutral country in world war 2?
Why are there different terms of office for the house and the senate?
Why is the inaugural speech not being shown live on any national networks?
Why was the inauguration moved from march 4 to January 20?
Why was San Antonio de Pauda Mission named this?
Why do you type the answer twice?
Why did the Jamaica revolt failed?
Why was it a good political idea to annex Texas?
Why did he invent he hot comb?
Why was the XX Amendment passed?
Why was Pachacuti important?
Why were their names called world war 1andworld war 2?
Why did they mummify dead bodies?
Why is a Constitution important for a government?
Why is the inauguration held?
Why does this happen on the 20th?
Why do you still believe that life is good?
Why did they want to continue slavery?
Why did the population decrease in the late nineteenth century?
Why was the United Kingdom formed?
Why did Europe use imperialism?
Why do some state have more representatives than other states?
Why was Stephen F Austin arrested?
Why did the French British and the native Americans fight over the Ohio river valley?
Why was it a bad idea to wear red in the revolutionary war?
Why did the Carolinas split into two states?
Why was it important for future colonists that Jamestown had succeeded?
Why did children go to school in the Victorian times?
Why are there blue post boxes with G R on?
Why did they settle the state Maryland?
Why did the parlimentarians win the war?
Why is there no land bridge now?
Why do you have energy crisis?
Why are flags flying at half mast on January 21 2009?
Why was Canada important to the brtish empire?
Why is there a war between palestinians and israelis?
Why did people want to become highwaymen?
Why is Dolores Huerta a HERO?
Why is the president sworn in before the president?
Why is Gilgamesh so important?
Why do certain culture stay in the same area?
Why did he say no taxation without representation?
Why are you more likely to find a desert in the northern part of the US?
Why do people have to stop slavery?
Why are federal cases tried in the states that the crime was committed in?
Why are the ten famous lunatics called lunatics?
Why do the Palestinians want land?
Why is not the new President sworn in immediately once he or she is elected?
Why did four presidents not have an inauguration speech?
Why did the puritans start Harvard college in Massachusetts Bay?
Why was Puerto Rico important to the US?
Why did the puritans start Harvard college in Massachusetts Bay colony?
Why did the confederacy had problems?
Why have cooperative societies not succeeded in India?
Why is it called a cocktail?
Why is there an inaugural speech?
Why were people for confederation in 1867?
Why is the steppe almost treeless?
Why did the roman government have large expenses?
Why is every year is Chistopher Columbus day?
Why was Rameses 2 called the great?
Why did the Industrial Revaloution begin in the UK?
Why was Maryland the most critical border state in the Civil War?
Why were national courts established?
Why did the Roanoke Disappear?
Why would the Germans inflate the values of their money during the Great Depression?
Why do Presidents put so much through into writing and delivering the inaugural address?
Why did African Americans want equality?
Why did the Highwayman love Bess?
Why do tribes where face paint?
Why did Nicky join the Mau Mau gang?
Why were the article of confederation strong?
Why is it a national symbol the Taj Mahal?
Why do the Islamic terrorists hate the US?
Why did slaves come to live in England?
Why were Roman gladiators famous?
Why are so many people suffering from hunger?
Why did the French explore Mississippi River?
Why was president Garfield shot?
Why is fidel Castro known as a dictator?
Why was the holy roman empire neither holy nor roman nor an empire?
Why did James Armistead Lafayette join the army?
Why did boudicca become the queen?
Why were slaves needed in 1790?
Why did slaves come to live in Britain?
Why did ole kirk christansen invent legos?
Why was the democrat party formed?
Why did people decorate churches with stained glass windows in the medieval times?
Why did Charles 1 have to die?
Why did workers engage in the pullman strike?
Why did Germans terrorize Jews?
Why were Kibbutz made?
Why did North Carolina attend the constitutional convention of 1787?
Why did the the people of Mesopotamia believe that supernatural forces controlled their world?
Why did Native people come to the missions?
Why is it fun to come to this regin?
Why did the sea empress disaster happen?
Why did the natural rights help the people live a better life?
Why is the it that Victorian pourtrates are frowning?
Why was James A Garfield elected as president?
Why are you greatful to have the printing press?
Why was Nahanni national park established?
Why did the french think the war was unfair?
Why did France lose indo china war?
Why is this event so significant in their history?
Why do the Persians live in tents and not traditional housing?
Why did the Arabs want to take over the Berbers?
Why did luthers ideas lead to war?
Why was meriwether important?
Why did the first suburbs develop in the late nineteenth century?
Why did Boers move north in the Great Trek?
Why was the Emancipation important politically?
Why is iron ore important to the indutrial revolution?
Why did Jazz start in the US?
Why is there war over water?
Why do you us drive on the right side?
Why was the animals a gift of the Nile?
Why were people punished for heresy?
Why is Pompeii such an important discovery for archeology compared to other roman cities?
Why do not chirstains believe in war?
Why did Ibn Sina die?
Why were Hittites able to excel at war because?
Why is Canada is cultural mosaic?
Why did the colonists revolt from Britain?
Why did Hitler introduce a new curriculum un schools?
Why was anwar killed?
Why did Jamestown initially have struggles?
Why are beaver scouts called beavers?
Why is the New Jersey Colony called Cockpit?
Why is it important to be objective while conducting research?
Why is social studies hard?
Why do you honor DrKing?
Why were the 1950s important?
Why was the embargo act later repealed?
Why did martin become non violent?
Why was wealth of nations important?
Why is some thing okay for men but not for women?
Why was Ramesses famous?
Why might have slave owners have considered the fugitive slave law?
Why did oliver cromwell start the English civil war?
Why did the leaders of the US have trouble deciding where to build the capital city?
Why is Olaudah Equiano significant to history?
Why is there war going on?
Why should students do their homework?
Why was the loveru built?
Why was the iron board invented?
Why is sir Walter Raleigh an explorer?
Why did the Europeans come to upper Canada?
Why might the queen want europeans to come to upper canada ?
Why is a compass needle pointing north called a north seeking pole?
Why were the british concerned about french activity in the Ohio river valley?
Why did African American patriots fight in the American revolution?
Why was the proclamation of 1763 issued to the colonists?
Why was the bonus army formed?
Why did emmeline pankhurst make history?
Why was the doughnut made?
Why has the diary had such an enormous impact?
Why is le carnaval de quebec celebrated?
Why did the Serbs not want to give Kosovo their independence?
Why are certain artwork debatable in terms of ethnocentric concerns?
Why did thomas Stewart invent the mop?
Why was England in the war?
Why was Egypt a land of racial diversity?
Why was the inauguration held outside?
Why do detergents and soap differ?
Why was the first globe made?
Why was the bouncing bomb made?
Why is the Fertile Crescent no longer fertile?
Why was Ethiopia able to resist the Europeans?
Why do people think you need specific rights?
Why do Acadians return to Nova Scotia periodically?
Why did elizabeth Stanton join the war?
Why is it good for historians to disagree with one another?
Why did Mississippi happen and why?
Why did the Founders eschew and exclude Bill of Attainder from amongst the authorized constitutional tools of governance?
Why did suffragettes have colors?
Why did Rome become history?
Why is elizabeth zane famous?
Why are all the explores from Europe?
Why do people want to preserve dead bodies?
Why did the first spanish member come?
Why are the colors of the US flag redwhite and blue?
Why would larger states prefer the Virginia plan?
Why did Canada East confederate?
Why did Lafayette want to help United State to get freedom?
Why was the success of the Massachusetts Bay Colony so important to the Puritans?
Why was James Bowie a hero?
Why do immigrants suffer?
Why was Thomas Malthus incomplete about the growth of the population?
Why did the US want to annex Hawaii before the war started?
Why was the Marshall plan necessary?
Why do you fold the American flag in a triangle?
Why have democracies in history failed?
Why did the Irish famine encourage movement away from Ireland?
Why was it difficult for Muhammad to create the Holy Book?
Why is Benjamin important to the American Revolution?
Why did the north want Daniel Webster as there leater?
Why were europeans intrested in finding a direct water route to Asia?
Why was Ataturk unique and different from other historical leaders?
Why did people come to America from Europe?
Why was Francis Scott Key in jail when he wrote the star spangle banner?
Why was the Portuguese war important?
Why did the Maori want to sign the Treaty?
Why do you only have fossils of a fraction of the things that have existed on Earth?
Why are natural resources important to use?
Why was Charlemagne successful?
Why did war between the US and Mexico break out?
Why is journalism important?
Why did King William want to record information about the people living in his kingdom?
Why is Atticus defending the man?
Why did Europeans come to America to settle?
Why should we eat Dairy?
Why did the sri lanka war happen?
Why did the battle of the fallen timbers?
Why should people remember the night of the broken glass?
Why did great Britain want the US to join?
Why was Belfast important to the war effort?
Why did they meet at the Annapolis convention?
Why is china a develope country?
Why was the tva controversial?
Why does Quebec want to separate from Canada?
Why do you need a subjective point of view?
Why are the Caribbean societies considered meritocratic?
Why have the fortunes of much of the English entry have degenerated?
Why did Thomas Hobbes leave England?
Why did many loyalist not support independences?
Why do kids have to go to war?
Why is the desert so cold?
Why were attmepts at railroad regulation often unsuccessful?
Why were the dutch and the french colonies important?
Why is there no correlation between the ICS organization and the administrative structure of any single agency or jurisdiction?
Why was king Henry a bad king?
Why did people in the 16th century watch plays?
Why does propaganda work even though it is wrong?
Why might the peasents revolt?
Why did England France and the Netherlands seek a nothern route to Asia?
Why did the war cause Russia land and money?
Why is imperialism good and necessary for the US?
Why did the colonists need the minutemen?
Why did aboriginals settle in Australia?
Why did patriots fight for self government?
Why do negroids hate whites asians and Hispanics?
Why were monasteries important to medieval Europe?
Why did the Elizabethan people put a lot of spices on their meat?
Why were the slaves killed?
Why would an organization spend the time and money to use Human Resource planning?
Why did Spain wanted its independence?
Why is Sam Houston important to your history?
Why did the southerners appose hamiltons financial plan?
Why was England a good place to set up factories?
Why did it take so long for Canada to get control of its own constitution?
Why does direction of some seismic waves changes sharply as the waves travel through the Earth?
Why did Israel win the 1948 war?
Why was the battle of moscow significant?
Why were the Jesuits expelled from China?
Why is there a need to reclaim land?
Why is the western lowlands significant?
Why did guiteau shoot the president?
Why did Sybil ludington ride 1777?
Why is she a pivitol person?
Why was the survival rate so low for the English settlers of early Virginia?
Why did they choose waitangi tosign the treaty?
Why does Bosnia and Herzegovina have a bad economy?
Why was Mary Tudor called misunderstood Mary?
Why did the war cause promblems for Russia?
Why was the battle of roses important?
Why was the time period between 1815 and 1825 called the era of good feeling?
Why are flagpoles important?
Why was scapegoating dangerous?
Why are black and white hair supplies segregated in stores?
Why is Palehua important?
Why was Theodore Roosevelt an idol?
Why did the us practice imperialism?
Why are there native American reservations?
Why do scientist study ancient ecosystems?
Why was there war in the Gettysburg in July 1 1863?
Why are immigrants illegal?
Why did roger Williams Anne Hutchison and Thomas hooker go to new place?
Why do politicians introduce legislation?
Why is the Treaty of Waitangi still important today?
Why is vladimir putin afraid of Richard stoisits?
Why did bretton woods collapse?
Why are the buffalo soldiers remembered?
Why are the Tuskegee airmen remembered?
Why did the Dali llama win a nobel peace prize?
Why is Coretta Scott King?
Why was Cardiff castle built in Cardiff?
Why did Japanese immigrant to America?
Why did james otis say taxation without representation?
Why did Henry the second and becket fall out at a later date?
Why did cotton replace wool?
Why did some of the enslaved African Americans become loyalists in the revolutionary war?
Why was there a fight for the battle of the bull run?
Why did the constitution find it necessary to have a two house legislature?
Why did the Purtians settle in the Massachusetts Bay?
Why was the Morse code hard to break?
Why do humans fight?
Why did Europeans need an all water route to Asia?
Why did the dungeness burn to the ground?
Why did Fidel Castro become dictator?
Why did the allies go to war with the Nazis?
Why was the Reign of Terror created?
Why was the highway invented?
Why did Europeans and Americans support the Greek revolutionary movement?
Why do catts purr?
Why did guyfawks want to do this?
Why did the Russian Revolution start in 1971?
Why did they invent hieroglphs?
Why were many African nations able to win independence after World War 2?
Why was the Klu Klux Klan terrorism to rampant in Texas?
Why was McCarthys search for communists considered a witch hunt?
Why did Swedes migrate to America 1910?
Why was steamboats invented?
Why did pioneers not like the Native Americans?
Why does the US have a command economy?
Why are europeans importat to Canada?
Why did advances in textiles lead to the creation of the first factories?
Why does it take longer to travel from Britain to America than America to Britain?
Why was the word defense used to introduce the constitution?
Why did Wilson establish the league of nations?
Why is everyone using the word snark recently?
Why did they build the San Gabriel Mission where it is today?
Why did Louisiana adopt the Fleur de Lis?
Why is loyalty and devotion to ones country so important?
Why is it valuable as citizen of the world to study history?
Why are recall petitons harder to get onto a ballot and pass than initatives?
Why was china a descent country?
Why was the church against liberalism in latin America?
Why were factories built?
Why do you study Asian Literature?
Why did the Iraq Iran war even start?
Why did the Hindenburg disaster happen?
Why is the pathenon so important?
Why did the Irish come to Britain?
Why did the Aztec build there city?
Why are wiliam Shakespeare poems realy famous?
Why did Spain give Louisanna to France?
Why was native American Indian moved to reservations?
Why were they fighting in war?
Why could communication fail?
Why did Mormons settle in New Mexico?
Why did olmec civlization collapse?
Why did Indians immigrants go to Ellis island?
Why do you still talk about black history?
Why was the first typewriter important?
Why were the gilded age presidents forgettable?
Why do they call it the gateway arch?
Why wasnt King Tutankhamun buried in a tomb?
Why has Canadian immigrants policy impacted this Asian immigrants?
Why is the US divided into 5 regions?
Why have theaboriginals neverdevelopt civliseations and continued a huntergatherer lifestile?
Why is maypole dancing performed on may day?
Why did rome have such a great location?
Why was George Rogers Clark famous?
Why was Prussia economically strong?
Why was Abraham Lincoln the first media president?
Why was it so difficult for the framers to reach agreement about how to resolve conflicts?
Why did excalibur the legend form?
Why did William harrison make the paper currency?
Why were the slaves brought to the New World in the first place?
Why did Lincoln got involved in government?
Why did Rise of industrial Chicago?
Why did the British dislike Paul Revere?
Why did Lincoln not have a middle name?
Why was it very hard for the South to rebuild and rejoin the union after the Civil War ended?
Why does New Zealand drive on the left side of the road?
Why was eople power associated with prayer power?
Why are buddas fat?
Why did the british empire want Canada?
Why should oil be banned?
Why do people migrato to us?
Why were household colors worn over your armour?
Why do immigrants get mistreated?
Why was the first national government weak?
Why was North Carolina colony formed?
Why did Thomas Becket and King Henry II fall out?
Why are there thirty nine steps in John Buchans novel?
Why are there not numbers one to nine downing street?
Why was Burnside fired?
Why did the French colonize of Indochina?
Why are there so many counties in NJ?
Why did Chinese and Japanese immigrants come to the US?
Why did writing change society?
Why does man have Culture?
Why was the factory system important?
Why was it important for paul revere to ride into town?
Why is Homer well known?
Why did surplus food set the stage for the rise of cities and civilizations?
Why is Mary Reibey Famous?
Why are fineslicenses and fees an unpredictable source of revenue?
Why was ftaa formed?
Why did burma change its name to myanmar?
Why did pilgrims decide to establish a colony in the new world?
Why did Prince Edward Island join Confedration in 1873?
Why did the British impress American soldiers?
Why do you still study the mayflower compact today?
Why can the royal Italian family not visit Italy?
Why is Racism currently a problem?
Why was Lucretia Mott important for supporting black voted?
Why is there so much racism in Afghanistan?
Why did Miguel Hidalgo get captured?
Why should people admire Vasco Nunez Be Balboa?
Why are the Puritans important?
Why are the Egypt ruler called pharaoh?
Why is Maggie walker so important?
Why is the sea route between Africa and the west indies called the blood passage?
Why did fighting break out between the ethnic groups living in the republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina when it?
Why are the pyramids important to the Egyptians?
Why did Madam CJ die?
Why was Baron Friedrich important to the American Revolution?
Why did the greek people leave their homeland?
Why did Henry Tudor win The Battle of Bosworth?
Why did people join the confederate states?
Why was people power asssociated w prayer power?
Why was rockefella a robber baron?
Why did sir Walter Raleigh went on his journey?
Why did king Charles the second found North Carolina?
Why was the pencil created?
Why did the immigrants settled in the south?
Why do people speak French in Belgium?
Why was there a revolunary war?
Why was the English war started?
Why was the battle of Princeton Faught?
Why did the europeans send expolers to north America?
Why was Claudius a good emperor?
Why did the Santa Fe Trail go through Kansas?
Why did diocletion divide the roman empire?
Why was elizabeth cady Stanton arrested?
Why did Edgar Hoover run?
Why did the North not want to go in war with south?
Why should gupta age be consi?
Why do so many visitors come to the loire Valley?
Why did the European come to tutchone?
Why were ligthhouse built?
Why did leon bourgeois win the nobel peace prize?
Why was king Charles captured and what did parlement and their army decide to do with him and why?
Why was the US in events in puerto rico?
Why did Eisenhower move?
Why were Tuskegee airmen famous?
Why did the Ottoman empire led the way in European exploration?
Why do you think the legacy of rome law is considered so important?
Why was Raymond committed to the institution?
Why were the Germans happy to go to war?
Why is there a need to have a material review board?
Why did immigrants move to the southern colonies from England?
Why were the native Americans continue to live in the reservations?
Why were the colonized of Canada?
Why was the wireless so important to the Victorians?
Why did Cromwell go to war?
Why is Ali important to black history month?
Why did Andrew Johnson Get that nickname?
Why did the wars of religion come to an end in France by 1598?
Why was Stalin born?
Why did America leave the British empire?
Why did people leave their homeland in Ellis island?
Why was the Tuskegee airmen important?
Why did the revelutionary war start?
Why did the klu klux klan gained popularity in the 1920s?
Why is sir Walter Raleigh dead?
Why do people emigrate to the Bahamas?
Why was people power associated prayer power?
Why cant you stop war after hearing about refugees?
Why is 1901 important to Australians?
Why is the book entitled monster?
Why did slavery start with black people?
Why does poverty cause squatting?
Why were landmines made?
Why are landmines made?
Why were strolling actors banned in England?
Why was the fugitive slave law of 1850 so impotant?
Why were the succeeding leaders not able to maintain to burning spirit of Edsa?
Why is poverty one of the causes of prostitution?
Why is the Terri Schiavo case significant?
Why do burglarys get treated differently if the burglary happens during the daytime vs nighttime?
Why was Carlos Maria Dela Torre different from other governor generals?
Why are so many products made in east Asia?
Why is Robert Dickson important to the war of 1812?
Why was big bend national park named?
Why was the gunpowder plot important?
Why was Cromwell a hero in the civil war?
Why did the confederate use the union jack flag?
Why did the guillotine have a slanted blade?
Why are they able to go exploring?
Why was newyork colony founded?
Why did many Italians move to south America after the war?
Why did men join up for war in the 20th Century?
Why did they pick red green and white for the Italian flag?
Why did medieval guilds form?
Why did Jamestown hate john smith?
Why has boudiccas statue been made?
Why were colonies established in the new world?
Why did Benito Juarez overthrow the French Empire?
Why were the missions important to California history?
Why did yugoslavi get in to a war?
Why was the location of Texas important during the Civil War?
Why did south America gain independence?
Why can ethnocentrism complicate interpretations of world history?
Why was US caught unprepared?
Why was people power associated with prayerpower?
Why do you want to visit Italy?
Why does each state have a governer who represents the british monarch?
Why do they have popes?
Why was people power associated with prayer power what message did your people power brings to this countries?
Why were the suceeding leaders notable to maintain the burning spirit of edsa?
Why cant the CIA ever find Bin Laden?
Why did rationing continue after the war?
Why is herdotus is consider the father of history?
Why did Samuel Adams support the American Revolution?
Why is st patrics day called st patrics day?
Why did did aaron burr fight about?
Why are the effects of the jesuits missionaries?
Why is Scribe so Important?
Why do so many Cubans try to enter the US every year?
Why was imperialism a net benefit for humanity?
Why did the french want to go to china?
Why did the war start in Lebanon?
Why do you think Spain does not approve uniration andenpent?
Why would a slave from the underground railroad would want to follow the big dipper?
Why was it important for the colonists to settle in the southern colonies?
Why do you think successful agriculture encourages the development of civilizations?
Why is the Cathedral called The Cathedral of Notre Dame?
Why were people so racist during the civil rites movement?
Why was people power associated with prayer powerWhat message did your people power bring to this country?
Why are census taken?
Why did the reformation divide Europe?
Why was people power revolution associated with prayer power what is the message did your people power bring to these countries?
Why did the missions end?
Why did US invade Iraq in 2003?
Why is the direct democracy not practical for most countries today?
Why did the anticipated victory of William jennings Bryan never materialize?
Why was the winter of 1874 difficult for the metis?
Why did the peleponnesian war start?
Why do federal laws have precedence over state laws?
Why did Joseph McCarthy search for Communists?
Why do Immigrants decide to come to Australia?
Why was people power associated with prayer power what message did out people power bring to these countries?
Why are there scapegoats?
Why did Washington add so help you God to the end of his oath?
Why did Parsis leave Iran and come to Gujrat?
Why was peter Salem and Salem poor kept out of text books?
Why does Iran want to help hamas?
Why do Hindu women where bidiez?
Why is queen Isabella remembered today?
Why did Italy fight in World War 2?
Why did people have to stop in Ellis island and angel island?
Why is the light bulb important to society?
Why did middle eastern nations slow oil production in 1973?
Why do people war with each other?
Why was the 3 gorge dam built?
Why did so many people died on the journey with olaudah equiano?
Why did the king win the novel peace prize?
Why did Irish come to amrica?
Why did Samuel de champplain explore vermont?
Why did byzantine thrive during the middle ages?
Why did exploration end for Portugal?
Why did the Irish people settle in Texas?
Why didnt Mary Ludwig Hays have and education?
Why did the Romans give Augustus so much power?
Why does latin America have different ethnic groups?
Why did eygept become part of the Persian empire?
Why did McCarthy receive a lot of support for efforts to expose communist?
Why did manzanar close?
Why was people power associated with prayer power what message did you people power bring to theres country?
Why was George W Bush called Dubya?
Why is Kokoda important in World War 11?
Why were the Germans unhappy about world war 1?
Why was the state flag for Alabama chosen?
Why does a typewriter stop typing?
Why are the great pyramids important to us?
Why was king charle 1 and the parliaments arguing?
Why is the Articales of Confederation important?
Why didnt the delegates agree on how the national executive should be chosen?
Why was Daniel Webster oppsed to slavery?
Why is it important to have good generalship?
Why did sammueal Adams and paul revere leed patriots in throwing tea into Boston harbor?
Why do scholars think people made peyroglyphs?
Why did Pakistan not stay together after gaining independence from India?
Why did the french came to Latin America?
Why was John Cabot looking for a route to Asia?
Why was people power associated with prayer powerwhat message did your people powerbring to this countries?
Why should income taxes be cut?
Why did fighting between the Patriots and Loyalists in the South turn vicious?
Why is the graft and corruption is immoral?
Why was the trebuchet weighted at the opposite end from the missle?
Why did president roosvelt help negotiate peace between Japan and Russia?
Why would people want to be ruled by communist?
Why did war on the eastern front start?
Why did the Soviet Union go broke?
Why did the Spanish want permanent settlements in California?
Why was the first national tax passed?
Why are there flags?
Why did the northern tribes think positively over the treaty of Waitangi?
Why do Muslims kill innocent people and not politicians it would be so easy to strap on a bomb and blow 10 downing street to hell?
Why was king edward nicknamed the confessor?
Why did they believe in witches in medival times?
Why did people build sod houses?
Why did they write the English bill of rights 1689?
Why are there adults?
Why did the European migrate from Europe to north America?
Why should you consider the war on drugs your war?
Why is the Greek Parthenon famous?
Why does Wyoming have 1 Representative?
Why is Julia louisa lovejoy famous?
Why did fascism and totalarian governments come to power prior to World War 2?
Why did the European explorers need to know how to fish?
Why did the Irish immigrants settle where they settled?
Why was Copernicus theory important?
Why did the union want fort Sumter back?
Why do revolution occur around the world?
Why was Ethiopia able to resist colonization?
Why did the Germans want to got to war in 1939?
Why did Germans come to Texas?
Why do Buddhists address love the way they do?
Why did the US want an open door policy?
Why did the puritans believe in education?
Why is the house of representatives designed to represent the people?
Why are there so many pictures throughout history of snakes on reptile like men?
Why was el angel built in Mexico city?
Why did Rome choose Greek to be Romes progenitors in Virgil?
Why do masai wear red?
Why were colonial bakers important?
Why did Molly Pitcher fight for independence?
Why did John White lead 117 colonists to Roanoke Island?
Why are the people of India more intelligent?
Why is there a Julian calendar?
Why did the rebellion of 1837 start?
Why did the Mound Builders thrive on the Mississippi River?
Why is there war in afghnistan?
Why is the Alabama river so famous?
Why did the US fight the war or 1812?
Why did racism increase in the US during World War 2?
Why did Octavian become Augustus?
Why was an alliance with France important to Americans?
Why did views on Cromwell change after his death?
Why was people power revolution inspire changes in your country?
Why are the colors of dublin sky and navy blue?
Why are the colors of Tyrone red and white?
Why did the pentagon needed to be built under Franklin D Roosevelt?
Why is denmark a mixed economy?
Why was the unions uniform blue?
Why does Frederick Douglass learn to write?
Why did banks failed in the 1930?
Why wasnt king tuts tomb robbed?
Why did the Founding Fathers create the Tenth Amendment?
Why does harmony day go on?
Why were the Ku Klux Klan feared?
Why is the state of Carolina named Carolina?
Why did immigrants come to America in 1890?
Why was machupichu built?
Why is James fremont famous?
Why did some men not fight in World War 1?
Why did Israel go to war in 1948?
Why did the Framers find it necessary to invent federalism at the Philadelphia Convention?
Why was the Ohio Valley important to the Indian and British?
Why was Australia believed to be an egalitarian society?
Why did the Irish immigrate to the US in 1840?
Why did Thoreau think the war against Mexico was unjust?
Why is understanding history and its meaning so important to us?
Why were the Freedmen dissappointed with the 15th Amendment?
Why did Mendeleev name an element after Isaac Newton?
Why did the US adopt a new foreign policy in the 1900s?
Why was Lincoln reluctant to give up Fort Sumter?
Why did the 2009 Gaza war start?
Why did the Nazis starve people?
Why were progressive era reformers more successful in their efforts to address abuses of industrial capitalism than the farmers and workers were?
Why did the Europeans originally explore North America?
Why did Giuseppe Mazzini have a secret society?
Why do you need to preserve your historical sites?
Why were the first and fifth amendment controversial?
Why are the human rights enshrined in the Canadian charter of rights?
Why is the Elastic Clause a power of Congress?
Why did Homer use poetry?
Why was the Colossus of Rhodes concidered a wonder?
Why was chelmsford royalist during the English civil war?
Why did George Washington nickname?
Why did many Americans in the western part of the country support the war?
Why were 2 amendments of the original Bill of Rights removed?
Why did Nelly bly write?
Why is Oklahoma city so popular?
Why did Renaissance art differ from that in Italy than to northern Europe?
Why did farmers move west during manifest destiny?
Why are the colors on the Italian flag greenwhiteand red?
Why were white Southerns bitterly and violently opposed to Black and white Republicans exercising political power?
Why did the Holy Roman Empire end?
Why does Rip Van winkle sleep for 20 years?
Why should Filipinos be proud if their race and national heritage?
Why should the Cambodian people be proud?
Why is province is happy to live in?
Why did Robert cecil not like the catholics?
Why is it easier for members of your society to reach a consensus on certain behaviors than on others?
Why did the Gupta empire last so long?
Why did the colonist want independencefrom British?
Why did Quebec want the confederation to happen?
Why did James Armistead help the Patriots?
Why was Maryland named after henrietta Maria?
Why do pyramids last so long?
Why is the statue of liberty mean?
Why did the Irish experience so much discrimination?
Why was the Mayflower Compact politically significant and what did it say about the nature of governance in the new world?
Why do you never learn from History?
Why is GDP an important measure of your standard of living?
Why were Aquaducts built?
Why does Interstate 91 go north and south?
Why was the fountain pen invened?
Why did Kingdoms in middle ages emerge?
Why was the misson santa Barbara built?
Why did Germans go back into war?
Why did Pancho Villa think about the war?
Why did many Americans support more restrictive immigration laws?
Why are pyramids built like triangles?
Why was Alaska acquired by the US?
Why did oligarchy fail in Athens?
Why was Sparta called oligarchy?
Why did the US finance their space program?
Why does he pretend to be mean?
Why are their more Africans Americans in jail then in college?
Why did Americans help privateers during the war?
Why is riley awesome?
Why was thomas Paine a patriot?
Why are there fewer hurricanes on the western side of the US?
Why are most of the countries of indochina so poor?
Why did the Americans lose the Battle of Bunkerhill?
Why do people of the African ancestry live mainly along the coast?
Why is the war in Iraq a good thing?
Why was the calendar developed in Egypt?
Why was men only allowed to be educated during the Gupta Empire?
Why does Miss Maudie think Atticus is defending Tom Robinson?
Why is Madagascar have an unstable government?
Why did America produe so many reform and utopian movements in the 19th century?
Why is the Bayeux Tapestry so important?
Why has savanna vegetation been cleared from most of central America?
Why did Virginia Pennsylvania and Massachusetts support the Virginia plan?
Why have many Dominicans become famous in the US and Canada?
Why was Palmer Hayden famous?
Why is Angeloktisti church important?
Why did the troubadours stop performing in the courts of Kings?
Why did the US and Brittan opposed to the Canadians getting a seat in the peace conference?
Why is the Burgess Shale important?
Why is Bolivia called a landlocked country?
Why was Rameses 2 important?
Why are the median ages of China similar to UK?
Why are some people unemployed?
Why was the 20th century so significant?
Why didnt Texas play a big role during the civil war?
Why is Lydia darragh famous?
Why are sombreros so colorful?
Why is the veto referred to as a negative power?
Why was the liberty bell rung on July 8th 1776?
Why did Ulysses want to run for president?
Why was Mary you so Hated?
Why was it right for the luddites to protest so violently?
Why was the Statue of Liberty chosen to be placed where it is?
Why did the Annapolis convention of 1786 failed to answer the needs of the nation?
Why did BNA want confedertation?
Why did Oliver Cromwell banish the royalist from Parliament?
Why were antiwar federalists meeting in Hartford?
Why did Ronald Reagan posses grace?
Why is it important to understand indigenous beliefs?
Why did cromwell act the way he did?
Why did the Republicans nominate Abraham Lincoln as their Presidential candidate in 1860?
Why did the rebellions of 1837 happen?
Why was the economic policy developed in Canada?
Why did David Thompson like making maps so much?
Why did the Winnipeg strike result in violence?
Why did people feel good about the US during the Era of Good Feeling?
Why do Congressional Committees need full time staff members?
Why did they have the Treaty of Medicine Lodge?
Why was barbed wire used for in World War 1 in West America?
Why is Canada not a member of OPEC?
Why is Gilgamesh concidered a hero?
Why are labor unions necessary in industrys today?
Why does the senate needs a tiebreaker?
Why was the battle of fort Washington faught?
Why does fashion change a lot?
Why is a vessel like a physical pendulum?
Why is the statue of Liberty importatnt?
Why did Nunavut join confederation in Canada?
Why were the Europeans looking for a shorter route from Europe to Asia?
Why did some citizens of the US want to annex Texas?
Why is mele a midget?
Why is Maya civilization not considered an empire?
Why was Ethiopia able to avoid colonization?
Why was Hernan Cortes able to persuade the Native Americans in the region to fight the Aztecs?
Why did the Proclamation of 1763 make the Americans colonists angry?
Why was Philadelphia the largest city in the thirteen colonies?
Why were enlightenment ideals never fully practiced by 18th century rulers?
Why is Richard hadlee famous for?
Why is Richard Hadlee famous?
Why did the US thought that Hitler was wrong?
Why did mesopotamia start the code of law?
Why were some people turned away at Ellis island?
Why was the first radio made?
Why are ice cream tubs white?
Why did you pull out and not finish the Vietnam war?
Why are flags at half mast on march 10 2009 at ft Leonard wood Missouri?
Why was the Mormon trail traveled?
Why do countries need peace?
Why was the Rockefeller drug law established?
Why do historians believe the Civil War dragged on for so long?
Why was the battle of marston moor started?
Why do Native Australians stand on one foot?
Why does the Legislative branch hold the power of declaring war?
Why did Chief Pontiac start the rebellion?
Why are over all free market economy has been so successful?
Why did the euraka stockade happen?
Why do Japanese people use so much toilet paper?
Why did Yugoslavs come to NZ?
Why does Texas have a plural executive?
Why do deaf people ignore others?
Why is Coretta special?
Why was the Bay of Pigs a fiasco?
Why did president Truman have a difficult time with his fair deal programs?
Why was Mussolini popular?
Why was Thomas Malthus important?
Why has the Tower bridge been made this way?
Why did the british dilike the Albany plan?
Why were the rifles important?
Why were amendments written?
Why did Hungary change sides in World War 2?
Why was there a peasants revolt in 1381?
Why did Robert Peel found the police force?
Why was Louis xvi a poor leader?
Why were the normans successful in 1066?
Why were the miner 49ers so popular?
Why did the Czechs choose there flag?
Why did george wahington in the war?
Why did Yugoslavia break into 5 independent countries?
Why should students have to stand for the flag?
Why did the pioneers traveled to the west in the 1800s?
Why did Abe Lincoln say that Harriet Beecher Stowe started the war?
Why did the new republic of china fall into chaos?
Why do metals have a low electronegativity?
Why did Kush move to the capital Meroe?
Why are the Punic war important?
Why was the Ku Klu Klux formed?
Why did Andrew Johnson fire Edwin Staton?
Why is the war of 1812 known as the Era of good feelings?
Why was the Lincoln building bilt so big?
Why was Virginia Dare so important?
Why did people immigrate to Australia from 1939?
Why did Fernando Magellan want to find new land?
Why is Rosa parks a big part in histery?
Why was Oliver Cromwell a bad as a leader before and after the winning of the Civil War?
Why did spanish immigrant?
Why did the explorers explore?
Why is the California flag a bear?
Why did Maggie Lena Mitchell Walker die?
Why did Octavian to go to war against Mark Anthony?
Why was it so difficult for the frames to resolve conflicts?
Why do people go to mecca each year?
Why are the crusades an important event in history?
Why is the period in Europe between AD 500 and 1500 called the middle ages?
Why did the Caribbean people migrate to the US?
Why did the event intolerable act happen?
Why did the conflict between israel and hamas start?
Why did the french explore the mississippi river?
Why did the British set fire to the White House in 1814?
Why were people going on explorations in the 15th century?
Why do seismic waves change direction in the earth?
Why was the soviet union created and by whom?
Why did the british have a hard time fighting the french?
Why are there so many people starving in the world?
Why did the framers of the constitution grant members of congress privileged speech?
Why did European explorers settle in South America?
Why do people celebrate the running of the bulls?
Why is American Flag folded in a triangle at funerals?
Why were the Roman Army so successful for there training?
Why doesnt displacement affect the period of pendulum?
Why did the settle in America?
Why did the US government decide to move their nations capital?
Why did singer alia die?
Why do people in Alaska live in igloos?
Why did the Ancient Egyptians believe in the social structure?
Why were women not allowed to wear pants in 1948?
Why are most gangs in LA and not in other parts of US?
Why were the twenties known as the roaring twenties?
Why was Richard the 1st a good king?
Why was AD 455 significant?
Why did people initially like the talibans?
Why is domestic still such a problem in Trinidad?
Why did Antonio Lopez De Santa Anna come to the Alamo?
Why would natoins other than Britain care about the outcome of the American Revolution?
Why was the blood banks created?
Why was Sophie Germain most remembered?
Why should people respect the American flag?
Why did khrushchev back down?
Why is John James Audubon famous and why?
Why is french main language in central African republic?
Why was the radio popular in the 1930s?
Why were new deal programs able to provide only limited support to the needy?
Why was Woodrow Wilson was elected president?
Why was it important to go to the roman baths?
Why is the Franco Prussian War important to Germany?
Why is St Patrick famous for?
Why did Ruby Bridges do what she did?
Why were gristmills important?
Why is Memorial Day important in us history?
Why were the Jews forced to live in the ghetto?
Why did china and japan got to war in 1894?
Why were some people opposed to ratification?
Why should Prince Edward Island not join the confederation?
Why was England a state?
Why is it not possible for a president to sit down with a group of able and intelligent advisors and policy experts and produce an effective series of programs to address the problems facing the natio?
Why were the british called the redcoats and the lobsterbacks?
Why is Harmony day so important?
Why are children forced into war?
Why is national citizenship week celebrated during the week of April 17?
Why do women still struggle with the glass ceiling?
Why did merchants and manufactures want a stronger national government?
Why was Cameroon settled?
Why was there so much poverty in the 17th century?
Why does interdependence bring economic growth?
Why did the settlers in Georgia come?
Why was Charles 1 executed in 1649?
Why do they think that the Roanoke settlers joined with the native Americans?
Why were plantations so important to Britain by the nineteenth century?
Why did the british and the french fight in 1754?
Why is the reason for the 7th amendment the trial of the case should be more than 20?
Why do you thick George Roger Clark thought the frontier was important to defend?
Why does red stand for bravery?
Why did communism fail in soviet Russia?
Why do you think George Rogers Clark thought the frontier was important to defend?
Why is statute law superior to common law?
Why did Frederick Jackson Turner call the Atlantic coast the frontier of Europe?
Why was his name called as hairy ape?
Why would a president pocket veto a bill?
Why was the parliament built?
Why are the terms of the house and senate the way they are?
Why was war unavoidable after the assassination?
Why was the British empire so big?
Why did civilization began?
Why did the Buddha become enlightened?
Why did England insist that enumerated articles be sent only to England?
Why do people go to live in other countries?
Why did Virginia change from agricultural to an industrial society?
Why was there a civil war between Charles 1st and oliver cromwell?
Why is the cambodia street named boss?
Why does tolerance happen?
Why was there a second revolution in 1917?
Why did the us and Britain occupy the pacific northwest?
Why was the south Korean leader important in the Korean War?
Why did Woodrow Wilson change his mind about his slogan in 1917?
Why did the authors of the Constitution want a limited government?
Why did the British claim the thirteen colonies?
Why does the US think it has to be first in the world order?
Why did Diocletian divide the Roman Empire?
Why did acadian deportation happen?
Why is Human Services allowed to destroy Families Insted of helping them?
Why did colonists object to the sugar act?
Why did Southern African Americans lose rights after reconstruction?
Why did some people believe war was necessary?
Why is this region known as latin America?
Why is Half Moon a famous ship?
Why does the white stand for peace?
Why did the earliest settlers come to Ireland?
Why did the ancient Egyptians believe in afterlife?
Why did the french have to stop testing in Mururoa?
Why did the population of towns and cities increace after the Erie canal was built?
Why did the sons of liberty have to keep their identities secret?
Why is the national government described as a government of delegated powers and the states as governments of resereved powers?
Why did The Treaty Of Paris occur?
Why is art important to history?
Why did Andrew Jackson reward his supporters?
Why does anyone reward his supporters, if he can?
Why was Samuel Adams do that is important?
Why is there a need for progress?
Why is Richard Nixon in watchmen?
Why was the Gadsden Purchase made?
Why did the Afgahnistan war start?
Why was gunpowder invented by china?
Why was Sir Walter Raleigh sent to prison?
Why did the states pass laws to protect scenery from ad sign painters?
Why do shamrocks close their leaves at night?
Why do midgets fly everywere?
Why was there a problem with the king in 1066?
Why did Washington force his old friend Edmund Randolph to resign?
Why is sexism a serious issue?
Why do countries want an empire?
Why is the Soviet Union called Russia these days?
Why did the confederates win the battle of seven days?
Why is the Chesapeake Bay important to the economy?
Why is it important to know the latitude for sundials location?
Why was Citizen Genet expelled from the US?
Why did the 1981 springbok tour start?
Why did Sir Walter Raleigh become famous?
Why was Jamiaica important to the British Empire?
Why israel set up?
Why did the Migrant Mother image become famous?
Why were more servants needed in Jamestown?
Why is olaudah equiana important for historians?
Why did damar martin leave sky 1 show gladiators?
Why was Massachusetts colony established for?
Why is money important to political parties?
Why are some people prohibited from voting?
Why were universities an important achievement of the Gupta Empire?
Why would a pentagram be behind a mirror?
Why did neanderthals become extinct?
Why did Oligarchy form in ancient Greece?
Why did the golden state become are states nickname?
Why was Governor Leland Stanford important?
Why do people become humanist?
Why did King win the Nobel Peace Prize?
Why does Venezuela have cheap gasoline?
Why is school only nine monthes and not twelve?
Why were griots important to kings?
Why arethicmatic mean is superior average explain?
Why did the british win the battle for new york?
Why did the highwaymen want to rob other houses and not care at all why they did it?
Why is it impossible for the queen to be poisned in the Elizabethan era?
Why was the Bay Of Pigs invasion such a disaster for the USA?
Why did the battle of bannockburn take place?
Why would you want to be part of an Alliance during war time?
Why did the Normans Fight Wales?
Why was treaty 3 signed?
Why did the US west of Mississippi river?
Why was a government with three branches considered?
Why do you know more about mesopotamia and Egypt than we know about cities of Indus River Valley?
Why did the holy roman empire go to war?
Why is social disadvantage important?
Why are some countries referred to as third world countries Others are second or Third world Countries?
Why was the naval victory on lake Erie important?
Why should governments control media?
Why is poverty bad?
Why do most immigrants choose to come to Australia?
Why should the records of government agencies be public?
Why is soccer an impotant game in hispanic culture?
Why does the federal government grant credits to taxpayers?
Why did the presidents cabinet affect the US?
Why do you feel you are the best canidate for the position?
Why is it hard to find fungi in the fossil records?
Why did roosevelt begin the Lend lease program?
Why is the Texas flag at half mast march 24 2009?
Why do you have a first amendment?
Why did the Americans need assistance from the french to ensure their victory?
Why did the Texas Annexation take so long?
Why did colonists object to the tea act?
Why was the gateway arch chosen as a wonder?
Why was nationalism so important in the 19th century?
Why was the Aral Sea diverted?
Why do countries profit from war?
Why was the baseball cap invented?
Why is the bourgeoisie considered to be the most revolutionary of all classes during the French Revolution?
Why is Geoffrey Chaucer in high school Literature books?
Why did Oliver Cromwell lock Parliament away?
Why did pharaoh build the great pyramid?
Why did sargon die?
Why did wisigoths attack rome?
Why do women have a higher risk of being poor?
Why were the built so close missions to then sea?
Why do countries agree on stuff with war?
Why did europeans explore the Canadian?
Why did the confederate and the union soldiers join the military?
Why has so many gold artifacts survived from ancient times?
Why did the Provisional government fail to survive the crisis of March to October 1917?
Why did the London docklands need to be redeveloped?
Why was taxation without representation wrong?
Why might the wealthy people of a poor country support an oligarchy when faced communist revolution in their country?
Why were the soldiers treated poorly after the war?
Why is Gloria Ford Gilmer famous?
Why was the battle of fort mchenry a moral victory?
Why was the name Cavalier given to Royalists in the English Civil War?
Why did the us go to war with Britain a second time?
Why did the Romans want two consuls rather than one?
Why is the Canadian Rights and Freedom is valuable?
Why were totalitarian governments able to rise after World War 1?
Why is the ordinance power important?
Why do not sign the treaty of Paris in any in states the us instead of in Paris?
Why was it important to keep England neutral during the Civil War?
Why was the central intelligence agency formed?
Why did Jews live in the Ghetto?
Why did Britain had to go to war?
Why are the members of Congress protected from lawsuits?
Why was te clermont invented?
Why did homesteading families migrate to the western territories?
Why are cat paws cold?
Why is Texas ranked 1 in value of money?
Why did Athenians support the war?
Why was the Endovour built?
Why do nations globalize?
Why was chivalry created?
Why did Japanese attack Malaya?
Why is the battle of Hastings and the Bayeux Tapestry historically important?
Why did jean batten become famous?
Why do countrys have war?
Why were the governments scared the Suffragettes would continue their campaign after the war?
Why does Mr Underwood come to the aid of Atticus in defending Tom Robinson with the mob?
Why were the big three at the Yalta conference?
Why did African Americans in louisville choose to test the city segregated streetcars?
Why was social class so important even in a colony like Canada?
Why are you not spossed to let a US flag touch the ground?
Why was Afghanistans flag changed in 1978?
Why did the American public reelected Wilson in 1916?
Why is it important to become a citizen of a country?
Why did the first battle of the marne occur?
Why is the Erie canal important?
Why did colonist move to a new world?
Why is amilia earheart famous?
Why was Narcissa Whitman shot?
Why did most people lived in manors in medieval times?
Why should the us help Afghanistan?
Why do people want to be British?
Why does Winnie want to run away in tuck everlasting?
Why did Douglass need to learn how to write?
Why does Winnie become happy in tuck everlasting?
Why is Winnie happy now in tuck everlasting?
Why was Georgia admitted into the union?
Why did cultural diffusion spread?
Why did the civilian start the war?
Why was the selection of cabinet members was important to the president?
Why were the patriots and loyalists fighting in the American Revolutionary war?
Why is the Lincoln memorial important to us?
Why were some people in the North against freeing the slaves?
Why did the Spartans fight at salamis?
Why did Charlemagne come down so hard on the Saxons?
Why did Eskimos leave their camps?
Why is New England democratic?
Why was the 442nd regimental combat team important?
Why was life so hard in the ghettos?
Why do you think slavery still exist?
Why did wolrld war 2 happened?
Why did president Hayes call out the federal troops to end the Railroad Strike in 1877?
Why did the KKK wear masks?
Why did they want a flag like this?
Why did parlimenta pass the coercive acts?
Why would Prince Edward Island not join confederation?
Why do men pee on shrubs?
Why is homer considered a classic?
Why does green on a map usually mean grassland?
Why did Portugal Spain England France and The Netherlands explore the new world?
Why was raffles founder of Singapore and not farquar?
Why did highwaymen become highwaymen?
Why was Alaska settled by Russians?
Why were the framers of the constitution influence by british documents?
Why were castles good for defence?
Why did the soviet call for expansion?
Why did they call it the Arlington cemetery?
Why was ollantaytambo built?
Why was baalbeklebanon built?
Why is the female crime rate increasing?
Why do months of the year get their names?
Why do you get sent to carol young complex?
Why did American slavery began?
Why did the ancient yellow river civilization fail?
Why was this site chosen for Washington DC?
Why did Gandhi implement a policy of nonviolent noncooperation in India?
Why did Horace Mann think Public Education was important?
Why did oligarchy rule?
Why is the cabinet important?
Why was Sparta called an oligarchy?
Why can the Soviet Union be called a land locked country?
Why did they invented the ship?
Why did Beckett go into exile in France?
Why were the kingdoms of Nubia able to prosper?
Why did Nikita Khrushchev leave the US?
Why was it important for ancient people to develop calendars?
Why did the reformation move occure?
Why did colonists come to the New England colony?
Why did the pearl harbor attack occur?
Why were immigrants in 20th century called birds of passage?
Why is Iraq unstable?
Why is the Iraqi war still going on?
Why did Harold fight at stamford bridge?
Why did Europeans and Americans support the Greek revolutionary?
Why do the people migrate to the West?
Why were two copies of the Treaty of Waitangi made?
Why was the water frame important?
Why did the Ku Klux Klan exist in the South?
Why are the Monitor and the Merrimac important in Civil War history?
Why were the rush bagot agreement and the convention of 1818 compromises?
Why were the Jesuits so important in the Reformation?
Why did the british want Ohio valley?
Why did duke of york leave Europe to find New York?
Why did McCarthy get away with so much?
Why should you give up driving to help with the war effort?
Why does the Federal Goverrnment own 44 million acres in California and less than 3 million acres in Texas?
Why do some countries fear increasing economic interdependence?
Why cant a person vote?
Why did they make the Mormon trail?
Why are the suffragettes important?
Why do you think municipal government might take responsibilities for running airports?
Why is the mission nuesta senora de la soledad famous?
Why did Louis Charles XVII say his mother sexually abused him?
Why do some people think all Muslims are terrorists?
Why did people settled in the southern region?
Why is the Acadia park famous?
Why did they choose to mine gold?
Why are modern democracies indirect?
Why did textile mills hire women and children?
Why is argentine federal republic?
Why do cats bite their paws?
Why did they want the Jews?
Why was Ramses II important in ancient history?
Why did Castro win the revolution?
Why are cavemen not in the Bible?
Why did Fidel Castro hold weapons for Russia?
Why was Dorcas Goode accused in the Salem trials?
Why was war communism introduced?
Why would the recent change in Texas House Speaker be of concern?
Why did the Japanese use kamikaze war tactics?
Why is war and peace so important?
Why did the Romans like to bathe a lot?
Why did the colonists have to no choice but to revolt?
Why is the sundial part of your legacy?
Why did the people from Germany move to America?
Why are the qualifications for house and senate members different?
Why is conscription a democratic problem?
Why did Joeseph McCarthy want to get rid of the communists in the state department?
Why did African Americans migrate?
Why do you celebrate dia de la cruz?
Why would it be cooler if you climb to a higher elevation in a desert?
Why is apirana ngata on the fifty dollar note?
Why are Republicans in denial?
Why did the patriots in new york throw tea in the harbor in 1774?
Why was the colossus of Rhodes impressive?
Why did Jews come to the US?
Why did Hitler just sit there and let the people die?
Why did most believe that Truman would lose election of 1948?
Why did Theodore roosevelt set out to the river of doubt?
Why did the govegrment banned potlatches?
Why did the seminole wars happen?
Why did boudicca lead the iceni in rebellion?
Why did the oligarchy lose power?
Why did the Battles of the Pacific in World War 2 start?
Why did the colonist feel that they did not need to pay taxes by parliament?
Why are prison populations increasing?
Why did people got to Pennsylvania?
Why should people help civilians affected by war?
Why was the Natives School Act 1867 established?
Why do Philippine tech support people sound like they come from India?
Why is war of kosovo an important event?
Why did anne frank write the diary of a young girl?
Why was it important to the Franks move to Amsterdam?
Why are feminists always offended?
Why did Australian people not care about federation?
Why is being in the majority so important in congress?
Why is commerce of such importance that it needed to be placed in the constitution?
Why was Diocletian important?
Why was Diocletian important?
Why does Italy hate Russia?
Why did they put the name Santa Fe?
Why is there poverty in Zimbabwe?
Why did the native Americans value the cacao beans so much?
Why is the year 1492 important in American history?
Why were there boycotts of british goods?
Why would the Egyptians go see a scribe?
Why were the anzacs sent to gallipolli?
Why was Populating Western Canada through the Canadian Pacific railroad important?
Why is the cornhusker state its nickname?
Why did John Parker say dont fire unless fired upon but if they mean to have war let it begin here?
Why was the water purification development so important?
Why was the translation of the greek part on the Rosetta Stone so important?
Why did they cross the Delaware?
Why is poverty associated with the south?
Why did the colonist fights the British?
Why did Walt Disney go to so many schools?
Why was toothbrush invented?
Why did they make 18 year old need to go to war?
Why did Morris Michtom die?
Why did Stalin launch the first five year plan?
Why did King George III put the colonial tax issues into play?
Why are flags at half mast April 10 2009 in Chicago?
Why do people live in igloos?
Why was it important that the union have more land than the confederate?
Why did Brazil give Brazilian women the right to vote?
Why did revolt fail?
Why did the colonists feel they should have a say in whether or not they should be taxed?
Why do nonmetals have higher melting points than metals?
Why did they choose that nickname for Arizona?
Why were Africans targeted?
Why did Rosa Park become active in civil rights movements?
Why do Hispanic men whistle at Caucasian men?
Why were the territories of Ukraine Poland Baltics and Finland important to Russia in World War 1?
Why is heresy important?
Why are teenagers so mean?
Why was the war at home cancelled?
Why is war so profitable?
Why should you pay 99 cents for kgb when you can look up the answer on Google?
Why are there not more nuclear power plants than plants that burn fossil fuels?
Why did the colonies want to join together?
Why do societies exist?
Why is war the health of the state?
Why was the beginning of the civil war important?
Why did speakeasies form?
Why do people choose to be racist?
Why are stockades used?
Why should the US continue an embargo against Cuba?
Why was this Jesuit order formed?
Why was Andrew Jackson a weak president?
Why did impeachment charges begin?
Why were the seven wonders of Ancient world built?
Why did germay went to war?
Why were enslaved Africans barred from enlisting in the Revolutionary War?
Why was freed slaves returned to Africa?
Why are the high lands a major land region in Peru?
Why is the life expectancy 72 in Vietnam?
Why did santa Anna give Mexico independance?
Why did US imperialism increase in the late nineteenth century?
Why did the us go to war with mx?
Why were the intolerable acts antolerable?
Why did the military Junta change Burma to Myanmar?
Why is the time 220 on the back of the 100 dollar bill?
Why did Denmark Vesey plan a slave revolt?
Why was some mp not allowed in the Parliament oliver cromwel?
Why is an Indian Constitution always open?
Why did raffles pick Singapore to use as a harbor?
Why was mcCarthy so successful in getting the press to believe his claims?
Why did mafia do what they did?
Why were missions?
Why did Jews leave their homeland to come to Texas?
Why did the USget involvoed in the war?
Why is Henry Box Brown so important?
Why was land mines useful in the civil war?
Why were the Germans accepted in America?
Why was Ulysses s grant famous in the civil war?
Why are the stripes of the American flag red and white?
Why is a constitution important for government?
Why do people come to see the chichen itza?
Why were the five civilized tribes referred to as civilized?
Why did people choose emigration?
Why was sierra Leone taken over?
Why were the Irish Nationalists angry Great Britain?
Why did they build the Canadian Pacific Railroad?
Why did the pubilc genenrally view the gladiators?
Why were they named the rangers?
Why did Daniel Boone and other people want to settle in Kentucky?
Why is there a question where opheila is to be buried?
Why were the whigs mad at John Tyler?
Why was the pantheon built in Greece?
Why was Stephen a Douglas important in the civil war?
Why was the fair deal initially unsuccessful?
Why did Thousands move to US?
Why were french women being sent to New France as filles du roi?
Why was is Nellie Bly important?
Why did nationalism increase after ww1?
Why is it hard to find fungi in the fossil record?
Why were serfs at the bottom of the social hierarchy?
Why did people wrap the died in bandages?
Why did the war against the taliban start?
Why did Americans NOT support the vietam war?
Why did they take away the social studies MCAS this year?
Why was Adolf Hitler so convincing?
Why was the Massachusetts Government Act created?
Why is it so cold for April?
Why was the purple violet chosen for the state flower for new jersey?
Why did nebuchadnezzar die?
Why might the Catholic Church have found ideas of lgnatius to be paticularly relevant to Catholic protestant country?
Why did Maryland stay in the Union?
Why was the us fighting in the war?
Why was emanuel so important?
Why did general Cornwallis want to go to war?
Why was fought in the battle of saratoga fought in two dates?
Why was the pony express where it was?
Why is Omar Bradley famous?
Why are Kentucky and Virginia called commonwealths?
Why do pendulums stop swinging?
Why should the untied nations have control over Jerusalem?
Why is siddharth bardiya fat?
Why did the day of silence begin?
Why does secession lead to war?
Why are the buildings of Shabam endangered?
Why would Robespierre think that the Reign of Terror was necessary for the French Revolution?
Why do certain natural disasters only happen at certain times of the year?
Why is it important that people go to Mecca?
Why was the Olympic oath recited?
Why does the US flag represent freedom?
Why was the wiskey rebellion important?
Why is the Erie canal a better transportation than other transportation?
Why are the Olympians called the Olympians?
Why is the coliseum important?
Why was the northwest ordinance necessary?
Why are flags flying at half mast on April 18 2009?
Why did noble families send their sons to other castles to work as pages?
Why would the roman emperors want to expand the roman empire?
Why did Anne Hutchison go on trial?
Why did the vikings stay after they invaded Britain?
Why did the Battle of Waterloo?
Why did the Battle of Wateroo do what ?
Why do you study revolution?
Why do parents hate goth?
Why do parents hate goth?
Why was indoor plumbing important?
Why did Europeans want to imperialize?
Why is navy pier important?
Why do people live on mount fuji?
Why did Henry II and Thomas Beckett Argue?
Why did the soviet union boycott the united nations?
Why was 1968 an important year in American History?
Why did walk the salt march?
Why did the us post war economy boom?
Why did Hitler invade countries before World War 2?
Why did United States try to stay out of war?
Why do developed nations help developing nations?
Why did the British come to Ohio?
Why did the Sumerian civilization come to an end?
Why does the US need Puerto Rico?
Why do you keep Puerto Rico?
Why did Jefferson write you hold these truths to be evident?
Why were manor houses built?
Why was the Victorians so strict?
Why is green park called green park?
Why do you need a positive care environment?
Why did ww1 create new nations?
Why was the tholos built?
Why do you have different types of government?
Why is in many respects environmentalism a feminist issue?
Why did the rebellion in lower Canada happen?
Why was interstate commerce a central issue in the Jones case?
Why is Venezuela an important country to the US?
Why are trenches so dangerous?
Why did Canada make their flag red and white?
Why did feudalism become a form of government?
Why is the second great awakening so important?
Why did soldiers volounter to go to war?
Why was capturing fort Henry important?
Why was the Pythagoreans described as cult like?
Why are steamboats used today?
Why did they name Maryland after Queen Henretta Maria?
Why is the Forbidden City special?
Why were blacks not treated equally?
Why did the french try to regain controll of Indochina?
Why do people have potlatchs?
Why is Clara barton famous and what did she do in the war?
Why was DC chosen?
Why is Portugal flag grenn and red?
Why is Clara barton famous and what did she do in th war?
Why was george washigton on a dollar bill?
Why is the gallipoli war so impotant?
Why does different cultures believe in different gods?
Why were the Olmecs important?
Why did Narcissa Whitman go on the Oregon Trail?
Why did Matthew Hopkins got hunged for?
Why did Greeks migrated to Texas?
Why did the Quakers immigrate to the United States?
Why was excommunication an effective form of punishment for people who disobeyed church laws?
Why did he explore the world?
Why would Benito juarez be a hero?
Why would we elect stupid people to be president?
Why was john f Kennedy in dallas the day he died?
Why did US wage war against north Vietnam?
Why did Louis jolliet go on a voyage?
Why is it illegal for women to wear pants in Tucson Arizona?
Why did the Populists want the silver standard?
Why did Israel use White Phosphorous Weapons to burn the skin of Palestinian People?
Why did the Africans fight in the war?
Why did Gomburza headed by the spanish?
Why did the Japanese start to expand expand across Asia?
Why did Leonardo da Vinci paintings became famous?
Why did some states secede in the civil war?
Why did people travel on the California Trail?
Why was the civil war important in 1864?
Why should school uniforms be compulsory in school?
Why did China resent Japan more than it did other nations?
Why is the bayeux tapastry a valuable source?
Why did Ellis Island open up?
Why did Venezuelans come to the US?
Why was the mafia created?
Why are public health researchers concerned about exporting health problems associated with developed countries to less developed countries?
Why is the anaconda plan so important?
Why does this come up on a search when there is no answer?
Why do Americans not know about anything about the outside world?
Why is the gateway arch famous?
Why did they invent jewely?
Why was the watchtower promoting the JWs to sell their houses in connection with the prophesy that Armageddon would take place in 1975 KingdomMinistry 1974 May p3?
Why is it that most African countries adopt mixed economic system give reasons using Nigeria as an example?
Why did New England provide free elementary education instead of banning it everywhere else?
Why did Chaucer say you are modern?
Why did scientists began to question the Chain of Being?
Why did Gettysburg war begin?
Why did the french and Indian war happened?
Why does each hurricanenatural disasters have names?
Why did many Americans oppose imperialism at 1st?
Why are so many people in America so remarkably stupid in so many ways?
Why did the french take over Vietnam?
Why do all money bills start in the house of reps?
Why does Australia have a high life expectancy?
Why did the Seattle strike raise so much fear among Americans?
Why was the Flag Bastion the most heavily armed and fortified?
Why was early man are always in search of food?
Why is tallulah falls important?
Why were hats so important in Victorian times?
Why was the british empire important for the religions?
Why was Oregon annexed peacefully but not Texas?
Why was pyramida built?
Why are some people important in history?
Why were all train stations named union station?
Why were they buried there?
Why did the congress have problems fanasing the war?
Why does each party have a manifesto?
Why did so many people catch gold fever?
Why was Benedict Arnold called a infamous traiter?
Why did Truman help the French in the 1950s?
Why should Charles 1 NOT have been executed?
Why does poverty exits?
Why did people immigrate to the New World in the 16th century?
Why did Oliver Cromwell send parliament home?
Why was Joseph McCarthy so dangerous?
Why did the Europeans go to war?
Why is the crack on The Liberty Bell?
Why did ancient Egyptians hate black people?
Why was the embargo placed on Cuba?
Why did the Russian revolution stop fighting World War 1?
Why do you have to be obedient to be a communist?
Why was the New Deal needed?
Why did many Americans believe that Indians needed to be removed from their land?
Why did the African American immigrate to the us?
Why did moshe the beadle return from sighet?
Why did JD Rockefeller Standard Oil Company symbolized the era of corporate greed and runaway monopolies that dominated the American economy during the later half of the 19th century?
Why did the national association of color women work?
Why did Romans have gladiators?
Why did socialism pose an increasingly serious threat to the Liberal party late 19th century?
Why was the us the only country to emerge from the war?
Why did Franklin pierce run over an old lady?
Why was the war started in pearl harbor?
Why did some of the slave states remain in the union?
Why is the war in Vietnam happening?
Why is there always a conflict war in Israel?
Why was gallipoli peninsula chosen as a strategic point?
Why did Tutankhamen become a pharaoh?
Why is the pyramid built in that position?
Why are the rivers valleys of south and southeast Asia more popullated?
Why is the Jefferson memorial roof significant?
Why did Confucius stop doing what he did?
Why was the battle of puebla so important for Mexico?
Why did the colonists act as the mohawks?
Why did an Iron Curtain appeare in Europe in the years after World War 2?
Why was the USS Alabama decommissioned?
Why do you have main idea today?
Why was Stephen Douglas so impotant?
Why was the spanish civil war?
Why did the spanish civil war happen?
Why do they make ration books?
Why was the German navy so important in World War 1?
Why did the price of Hambledon stay the same in 1065 and 1086?
Why did European explores come to America?
Why did some members of congress want to go to war against Britain?
Why were the European explores seeking another route to Asia?
Why do soldiers route step?
Why was slavery so important to the people in the south?
Why did canadians have to go to the first war?
Why should you join the national honors society?
Why is big ben a world icon?
Why did the US not help the Hungarians in their uprising?
Why are the french banning hijab?
Why did the war end in 1918?
Why did colonists change their rationale when at war against Britain?
Why did Johnson increase US troop numbers in Vietnam?
Why did Yugoslavia split into 6 countries?
Why did Cesar Chavez organize the United Farm Workers in the grape boycott and strike?
Why did the apartheid in South Africa come about?
Why were Irish immigrants not well received in America?
Why are there so few transcontinental road and rail linkages in Canada?
Why did the Aborigionals care for the land and nature so much?
Why were the medieval guilds started?
Why is the state called Virginia?
Why were the NYC draft riots important?
Why was the rise of the Medici family so important?
Why is this the national flower?
Why do Israel hate palestinians?
Why did the us get involved in the Somalia war of 1993?
Why was the entombment created?
Why were crops in China so important?
Why was the Berlin wall took down?
Why did the Native Americans help Cortes defeat the Aztecs?
Why does the us have starving children?
Why is the Philippine economy so bad?
Why did president Truman create fair deal?
Why did nz get involved in ww1?
Why did Ruby Bridges parents divorce?
Why are buildings important in Greece?
Why was potlatch celebrated again in 1951?
Why do most countries operate as mixed economies?
Why is war so important?
Why was Osama bin Laden banished?
Why is it important to face the realities of life?
Why did Hercules have to perform the 12 labors?
Why was there never a gold rush before 1848?
Why was the alphabet important to the Greeks?
Why did china launch an attack in the Korean war?
Why did the gunpowder plot start?
Why are flags flying at half mast on April 30?
Why did we have a Revolutinary war?
Why is James Monroe remebered?
Why should you Horseback ride?
Why does the civil war stinks in summertime?
Why were American soldiers originally sent to the region you are exploring?
Why did they make the Jefferson memorial?
Why is judaism and lslam at war?
Why is Africa starving?
Why did the US go to war on Tripoli?
Why were important political strategy meetings held in Philadelphia?
Why were blacksmiths?
Why did Germany fought in World War 1?
Why are trees all jiggly when the monkeyman pelts them with bricks?
Why did turkey join in the war?
Why did the Aztecs build a city on lake texcoco?
Why do you have poor night time service i have been treated better at motel 6?
Why was Mao a great leader?
Why was the Green Revolution successful in South Korea but not in North Korea?
Why was Jefferson Davis chosen president of the Confederacy?
Why did America help Vietnam in the war?
Why did McClellan retreat from the Seven Days battle?
Why did Yugoslavia fall?
Why was Aaron Burr Supported in the 1804 election?
Why is mythology important to the Greeks?
Why did the US lose the Vietnam conflict?
Why was seven days battle important?
Why was Ronald Reagan popular?
Why didnt the bonus army disperse even after being driven out of Washington by the us army?
Why is it hard to get rid of the caste system in India?
Why were the Civil War ships called ironclads?
Why did Britain deport the Acadians?
Why was thomas hobbes anti social?
Why is the US not truly a pluralistic society?
Why is the treaty of waitangi so interesting to you?
Why were the Progressives more successful reformers?
Why did British take tough measures against the Muslim community after the war of 1857?
Why would someone travel to acropolis?
Why did people believe in Ptolemaic?
Why did the US go to war wit north Vietnam?
Why did the civle war happen?
Why did Tuskegee airmen go to war2?
Why did Henry O Flipper stand out for buffalo soldiers?
Why are flags flying at half mast on may 4 2009?
Why was there genocides in Japan?
Why did the battle of concord happen?
Why would europeans want to leave home during their progress in the 19th century?
Why was imperialism called a natural movement?
Why did people go pilgrimages to Canterbury?
Why did Octavian and Antony meet in the battle of Actium?
Why do people remember the emancipation proclamation?
Why is it important to find alternative resources?
Why was the civil war so long in china?
Why did the sumarians migrate?
Why was France shocked at the defeat in the battle of Puebla?
Why did the elizabethans enjoy tragedies?
Why was the 161 day long string of hot days at marble bar not a true heatwave?
Why was the senaca falls convention important?
Why did John C Fremont name the Carson river in Nevada?
Why cant presidents control their cabinet?
Why should Australia accept refugees?
Why did Ford give Nixon a full pardon?
Why is the renaissance a significant period in history?
Why is the South perfect for the growing of cotton?
Why was the gold coast first explored?
Why was Russia an enemy of Turkey during World War 1?
Why did the Australian troops get involved with the Second Boer War?
Why did gangs start fighting?
Why were paper not used for 200 years after it was invented?
Why did easy credit a cause of the great depression?
Why was the seven day battle in Virgina?
Why do they celebrate dia de la cruz?
Why did the France invade Mexico in the battle of puebla?
Why might a country prefer a socialistic economy?
Why was the irobridge built?
Why did the Sack of Rome end the High Rennaissance?
Why were landmines built?
Why did the Federalists favor the Constitution and want a strong National Government?
Why did many Americans support the Indian removal act of 1830?
Why were the seven kings of rome important?
Why was the battle of the ironclads important?
Why did Eisenhower hate McCarthy?
Why was the Civil War was called the First Modern War?
Why was it the most powerful force in southeast Asia?
Why was Babylon called the city of wonders?
Why did Debois disagree with Booker T Washington?
Why did the South believe that the North broken the law?
Why was steam power so Important?
Why might some wealthy planters prefer to live simply?
Why is fish farming a helpful addition for the farmer?
Why did Strindberg wrote ghost sonata?
Why did the framers of the constitution have a legislature with two houses?
Why did college students protest not being allowed to sit at a lunch counter in greensboro?
Why is the flag so imporatnt?
Why is the Berlin airlift a good thing?
Why did the war world 1 start for?
Why did Germany Reunite with Austria?
Why did the English with the powhatans?
Why was there more than one hatch on the Mayflower?
Why did the US go to war with Iraq in the early 1990?
Why is poverty such a problem on the reservation?
Why could you say that the church courts were unfair with thomas becket and Henry?
Why has Greek literature been so influential through out history?
Why is a sleeping Mexican racist?
Why should you remember James monroe?
Why do the meridians curve?
Why is the appomattox courthouse significant in the war?
Why is racism unaccepted in Australia?
Why is important to be kind to people?
Why do you say two when ending a flag ceremony?
Why did war in gallipoli begin?
Why was Hugh capet remembered for?
Why is Taiwan referred to as the Republic of China?
Why did Lincoln think slavery was wrong?
Why did Horace Mann make schools for the deaf?
Why was the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the United Nations?
Why is diversity of great price to the organisation and society at large?
Why do people put so many emphasis on the word black?
Why is mumbai 30 min different?
Why was it common for the educated street smart immigrant children to bring up there parents?
Why did railroad strike in 1877 prompt eugene vdebs to create an industrial union?
Why is the shaft orientation significant?
Why does Jesse have a grease mullet and why is he a serf?
Why does the us want to weaken the taliban?
Why were the Jews numbered?
Why did they join up to the army in World War 1?
Why are some teachers big stereotypers?
Why did burma change its name?
Why is Archimedes discovery so important to people today?
Why was Lancaster and York at War?
Why wasnt Egypt one land and not two lands?
Why is the 19th century referred to the long Century?
Why do different cultures represented celestial bodies as ancestors?
Why was lower Canada an oligarchy?
Why might the wealthy people of a poor country support an oligarchy when faced with a communist revolution in their country?
Why did so many banks collapse at the beginning of the great depression?
Why does atticus choose to defend tom Robinson?
Why did the people of the constitution want it to be non democratic?
Why is LULAC important?
Why is Martha graham a pioneer?
Why did the Australian Army start the Army?
Why was Gandhi not allowed to ride in first class on the train?
Why were the ghost dance lead to a tragic conflict?
Why was the UN or United Nations created?
Why did apartheid fight for freedom?
Why is it racist to talk about black people and where you came from?
Why did the war of thermopayle start?
Why was david G Farragut important?
Why did the Bear Flag Revolt start?
Why was Lincoln built where it was?
Why were the Baltic States part of the Soviet Union before it broke up in 1991?
Why did the US want to construct the canal?
Why did negative interest rates occured in japan?
Why did the peasants revolt happan?
Why do people support Stalin?
Why should you have a diverse economy?
Why were the 1st factories built in the Northeast?
Why was the Battle of Vicksburg different from the other battles in the Civil War?
Why did Pakistan became a member of United Nations?
Why did they shut down the San Jose missions?
Why did the Hispanics immigrate to the US?
Why was there a push to outlaw slavery in the Northwest Territories in 1787?
Why was Russia unable to effect liberal reforms in the lead up to World War 1?
Why did owian glyn dwr resieve some support off the English?
Why was indoor plumbing put in to everyday homes in the middle of the 20th century?
Why were the pesants angry during the pesants revolt?
Why did Andrew Jackson run again?
Why does Mr Hooper do what he does?
Why did Americans turn to revolution in1776?
Why was William Wallace a terrorist?
Why was Russia unhappy with the Czar?
Why is evoloutionary history important?
Why do people live in society?
Why did the new deal not lift the US out of the great depression?
Why did Khrushchev blamed Nagy for the Hungarian Uprisings?
Why did John Vane turn to bushranging?
Why does Odysseus leave the underworld in such haste?
Why was the tension between the Great Powers increased by the Bosnian Crisis of 1908?
Why did six day war occur?
Why did the British General surrender?
Why was Oklahoma city chosen for the capital of Oklahoma?
Why can US courts be described as policy makers?
Why was Mary 1 the best Tudor monarch?
Why is education important in todays world?
Why are federal powers known as delegated powers?
Why is food more important than water?
Why did the British want Jamaica?
Why did the Victorian area come about?
Why might Ronald Reagan be nominated as person of the decade?
Why do Guyana have national symbols?
Why did the spanish American war stop?
Why did the vietnamese went to war?
Why does history think it is very important?
Why is it important to celebrate national events?
Why were the northerners most eagar to go to war?
Why was the governmentassoisiated with Hannibal a oligarchy?
Why did Jane Adams start the hull house?
Why did the southern states seceded the Union states?
Why is New Mexico known as the Land of Enchantment?
Why is Greenland in the continents?
Why does Oregon have that nickname?
Why did the british pass laws that taxed colonist?
Why are the concept of race and ethnicity important to society?
Why was the result of Annapolis conference disappointing?
Why did French send british traders out of the Ohio Valley?
Why was cotton a burden to the south?
Why were hieroglphs important?
Why was the civil war the first war fully documented?
Why is faith and purity Joan of arcs positive traits?
Why does the house use the committee of the whole to consider important measures?
Why is Ethnocentrism bad?
Why did we annex Texas?
Why were the colonist unhappy being rule by the king of England?
Why did george carteret become a leader?
Why was Abigail Adams famous in Massachusetts?
Why did the civil rights movements occur when it did in the united states?
Why did many African nations experience economic struggles after decolonization?
Why do some countries not want to be members of EU?
Why did Benjamin Franklin invent biofocals?
Why did Mao want to rid China of capitalist influence?
Why was the Korean War so significant?
Why did the Soviet Union support the Iranian Revolution?
Why were the Russian five known as the mighty handful?
Why were enslaved Americans not allowed to enlist in the revolutionary war?
Why were missions built were they were?
Why do you migrate if your country has war?
Why is the garden of the gods famous?
Why was the first punic war an important battle?
Why was it a problem for women in the military?
Why do Egyptians use lotus ornaments?
Why did Ben make the lightning rod?
Why is there a social studies class?
Why do the Oromo people of Ethiopia want independence from a country they live in?
Why was the first typewriter not a success?
Why did World War to begin?
Why is the US not being charged with war crimes?
Why is it important for your government to have laws that protect animals?
Why was the revolutionary war considered as much as a civil war with Britain?
Why do communities need leaders?
Why is it important to write things down in documenting history?
Why do countries fight over the Caspian Sea?
Why was Italy wealthy?
Why did goegraphers call Arabia a crossroads location?
Why did afghans oppose communist rule?
Why was the fredericksburg war started?
Why do cemeteries never fill up?
Why did Tecumseh choose to fight alongside the british during the war of 1812?
Why did Washington state chose the Coast Rhododendron as their Flower?
Why was the Vietnam war a difficult time?
Why was fought the Korean War?
Why do people visit Jamestown today?
Why is the civil war also called war between the states?
Why did the north won the war?
Why did Germany and Italy have fewer colonies during the imperial period than great Britain?
Why did America go into World War 2?
Why were merchants against the war if 1812?
Why is the world war 2 so important?
Why is Vladimir Putin important?
Why do you think people believe the stories Senator McCarthy told?
Why did Osama bin Laden hide from the US?
Why was the yemassee war fought?
Why did the UNITED STATES go into the cold war?
Why did us end the World War 2?
Why were so many contries involed with world war 2?
Why did the revalutionary war start?
Why did the union leaders think it was imperative to control the Mississippi River Valley?
Why was Moishe the Beadle deported from Sighet?
Why is Wyddial called Wyddial?
Why is the Gateway Arch called the Gateway Arch?
Why does a country have rules about who is considered a citizen?
Why is Bruce NOT helping out his neighbors in Asbury Park?
Why was the league of nations important to Wilson?
Why was the cannon so acurrate in the civil war?
Why did people call him Mad Dan Morgan?
Why were women not allowed to act in theatre?
Why did Vietnam get involved in the cold war?
Why did more automobile sales lead to booms in other industries?
Why are elections considered a linkage institution in politics?
Why is Alfonso Alonso Mejia considered an environmental hero?
Why did world war hapend1 hapen?
Why did china blow up US war ship?
Why was the salamis war so important?
Why did Taiwan gain independence?
Why was Salvador Allende overthrown?
Why did most people immigrate to America?
Why did the ANZACS attack where they did in the world war one?
Why did Da Vinci carry the painting of the Mona Lisa around with him?
Why do you search for causes of war?
Why was money difficult in world war 2?
Why was the invasion of Poland the cause of World War 2?
Why was Memorial Day changed to the last monday in may?
Why do some people call the bathroom The Mary Jane?
Why did huey newton join the black panther?
Why did they make central park?
Why did Sir Roy Denman resign his post in Washington?
Why was Mesopotamia an ideal place for a civiliztaion to develop?
Why did the US get invovled with El Salvador?
Why do people study about world war 1 and 2?
Why did racism exist?
Why was there less visitors at tongariro 2005?
Why was Judaism different from other early religions?
Why were some civilizations built in water?
Why was the Caribbean involved in world war 2?
Why is russia experiencing a population crisis?
Why is California in a deficit?
Why did the US want to make peace with Samolia and Ethiopia?
Why was the cold war so scary?
Why do you hate every sole on the face of the earth?
Why were some white Americans especially in the south so opposed to intergration?
Why does the mistress of Frederick Douglas changed her mind about teaching him to read?
Why was Patrick Henry opposed to the constutition?
Why did Florence Nightingale go to the Crimean war?
Why did facism started?
Why was the consept of predestination used more in the middel class?
Why would yoU WANT TO be a loyalist durrning the revolutionary war?
Why was John Cleary shot at Kent State?
Why would pickle juice kill a plant only after one day?
Why was Title X omitted from the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo?
Why are people different from different places?
Why was Loop 1604 in San Antonio Texas named after Charles W Anderson?
Why was Frankfort chosen for capital of KY?
Why did Indian immigrants leave their home land to come to Trinidad?
Why have communist states tended to failed in practical politics?
Why is it important to understand the historical origins of national industrial relations systems?
Why did the frontier cease to exist in the US?
Why is Memorial Day important in the US history?
Why should I get into politics?
Why does water effect the econmy?
Why did the north set up a blockade?
Why do you think the kent state shootings are memorialized in American culture?
Why did Peter Neilson deliver de frie danske in number the stars?
Why does the human society accept that children are killed who are victims from indoctrination as for example in Awake May 22 1994 is it because the judges are not thoroughly informed?
Why did people come to visit the oracle?
Why was Fats Domino important to Louisiana?
Why do you think some cultures adopt Matrilineal societies?
Why is the canal park called the Ohio park?
Why are africans dark?
Why was the northern securities company considered a monopoly?
Why is Jesus prejudice?
Why was Hartford found?
Why did modern manufacturing come slowly to Texas?
Why was the manor house Important?
Why does china have cheaper labor?
Why did oligarchy government fail in Athens?
Why did the 3rd home rule bill fail?
Why would some colonist want to refuse to sign the pledge not to sell tobacco to?
Why does a democratic government depend on a thriving economy?
Why were immigrants out in steerage?
Why is Angel island important to American history?
Why did early Texans support the democratic parties?
Why did Jackson supporters call the election of 1824 a corrupt bargain?
Why was the Atlantic pact referred to as a shotgun wedding?
Why should Belgium pay reparations to the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
Why was the public holidays change to new ones after 1994?
Why was old public holidays changed to new ones after 1994?
Why does the US government need an administration?
Why do you celebrate victoira day?
Why was the battle of Mont St Quentin important?
Why were the scientific method and enlightenment so important?
Why did Marxism never work in industrialized countries?
Why is the Gunpowder Plot important?
Why did Hellenistic architecture become grander?
Why was Rawlings not interested in the execution of the Generals?
Why do people is so insensitive when it comes to the poor?
Why was Portugal in a good position to make long sea journeys?
Why did wheeler invent the electric fan?
Why was Canada and southern Ontario in particular a major stopping point?
Why did people marry late in the early 17th century?
Why do people choose not to fight?
Why was Prokofiev important to that time in history?
Why did europeans want to find a route to the east?
Why is it physics away of thinking?
Why did the canadians choose the dinosaur provincial park as a world herritage site?
Why do first nations get free university?
Why is it important for the US to have a North and South?
Why did the League of Nations fail to keep peace?
Why did oliver cromwell first purge parliament and then declare a military dictatorship?
Why did john walker decide to be a runner?
Why was chemical warfare used?
Why can girls change clothes in front of another girls even though boys cant?
Why did the pilgrims leave england on the mayflower?
Why were kids evacuated but not parents in world war 2?
Why was Ralph abernathy a reliable source for information about the civil rights movements?
Why is US pro Israel?
Why did Texans want independance from Mexico?
Why do people say cheese when taking a photo?
Why did England follow a different path of monarchy?
Why did many people volenteer to fight for the allied forces in World War 1?
Why did bhakti movement attracted womens?
Why was Richard Burbage important to Shakespeare?
Why does the US not want anything to do with other countries?
Why do countries depend on each other?
Why was the application of limpieza de sang re created social tension on members of the lower class?
Why is disagreement protected in a democracy?
Why have white people killed so many people in history?
Why did Pass and Stow make the Liberty Bell?
Why does Secretary of State Marshall say the US has to help Europe?
Why was none of the colonists survived?
Why do ministers use green ink?
Why did Willaim Shakespeare write plays?
Why did the US take the military action against the taliban?
Why is geography interrelated to history?
Why did the goverment issued script to metis in manitoba?
Why are 11 years old girls are so cute?
Why did Richard Branson go to jail?
Why was Sir Henry Parkes was on the current 5 note?
Why does the president control the nations military and foreign policy?
Why is it important to understand contemporary issues to effect social change?
Why did soft money become a controversial issue in the 1996 election?
Why was the counterculture important?
Why is feeling important?
Why did the coal fall on a school?
Why does India celebrate with music festivals?
Why did ITU chose letter D as the first letter of radio stations in the Philippines?
Why did Russian Revolution happen?
Why did Hitler like the British empire?
Why did the rock for the Washington Monument come from two different quarries?
Why are otherwise harmless people with social issues and psychiatric disorders reviled by others while some normal people who become convicts dictators etc still manage to blend in?
Why did the Constitutional Convention of 1787 agreed to create a bicameral legislature?
Why was the bay of pigs a misake?
Why was Maximilien Robespierre a villain?
Why do blacksmiths hit the anvil between strikes?
Why was Emblem of Unity March written?
Why did the Hone Heke chopped the flagpole?
Why do you need to study the earth?
Why were people aged 14 allowed to join the army in World War 1?
Why did Wilson favored lower tarriffs?
Why was 1964 the only recognized starting date for the Vietnam era Veterans and not 1961?
Why is art a religion and religion an art?
Why are symbols and rituals important to cultures?
Why does a nation of such enormous diversity produce a recognizable national identity?
Why did the states in the south think this items were important and what price?
Why did you use the name NY?
Why is japan called a model of Asian nationalism?
Why were some people surprised that President Eisenhower emphasized peace and warned against too much emphasis on the military?
Why is Philippines called the gateway of Asia?
Why is it considered such an important battle in World War 2?
Why was mot introduced?
Why do you need younger leader?
Why did king Charles wear 2 shirts at his execution?
Why is tourism and hospitality industry interrelated?
Why was the speech by President Kennedy on June 11 1963 important in history?
Why were explorers looking for the north west passage?
Why do religious institutions still decide on matters with legal consequences such as marriage?
Why did color of cars become more varied?
Why did Athens choose leaders by lots instead of elections?
Why was the Celtic culture not a true civilization?
Why do Japanese politicians resign so frequently?
Why is it illegal to park in handycap parking space but you can use a handy cap toilet?
Why did William have a better army than Harold?
Why do you need to understand your society?
Why is the combination of Scarce resources and limited wants makes choice necessary?
Why did president Kennedy create the peace corps?
Why are rajvanshi aggarwals better looking than aggarwals?
Why were ansaris discriminated against?
Why did filipino write English literature?
Why did America persue Imperialism?
Why do subcultures stress violence?
Why did many colonist feel that they were not being treated fairly by Britain?
Why did the founding fathers refused to aprove the right to vote to women?
Why is the Philippines called the land of the brave?
Why is a family considered a unique constitution?
Why are sources important for the study of history?
Why are you not allowed to use life jackets in the pool at the deep end?
Why is the region near the equator sometimes called the dolldrums?
Why did the RPF form a group of mostly tutsis?
Why are there guards on top of White House?
Why do people hate sci fi?
Why does wassertrom refer to affirmative action as preferential treatment?
Why do you do the census?
Why did the Jallianwala Bagh massacre take place?
Why cant you stand perfectly still?
Why did Motorola invent the pager?
Why was the railway village built?
Why do people from India bob their heads from side to side?
Why was andromache on the Achilles?
Why was the cane banned?
Why did the Good Friday Agreement work?
Why do Catholics eat fish and seafood?
Why is 13 floor not counted?
Why is money not important living in a capitalist based society?
Why did Europeans first establish a presence in Nigeria in the 15th century?
Why did fascists differed from communissts?
Why are Serbs so similar to Russians?
Why was john paul getty important?
Why do you consider mind readers as non psychologist?
Why is glen docherty so called?
Why is Boris so stupid?
Why do you divide the earth into regions?
Why is Taliban so strict on women?
Why was the concession so vital?
Why was Mitchell Henderson such an hero?
Why did axiomatic method becomes the cornestone of Western Mathematics?
Why did pericles say that the athenian system of education provided by athenian with a double advantage?
Why is the NAACP racist?
Why may Christianity be superior to Islam or seem to be to them?
Why is the air tattoo known thus?
Why does deontological systems most closely match beliefs?
Why is the charter of the Virginia company a significant document in American history?
Why is it i cannot find the indepth research of mr Jenkin jenkins who daughter was Hannah married to George truscott please?
Why did Great Britain grant Egypt its independence in 1936?
Why did aaron burr get acquited of treason?
Why do you think the three totalitarian dictators worked so hard to build public adoration of themselves?
Why are Muslims said to be terrorists?
Why do politicians use class warfare to try to achieve their social goals?
Why did Republicans in Congress support the second Bank of the US?
Why is the different of enforcement law?
Why is Steve Biko famous?
Why were members of the Dove party antiwar?
Why did anarchism become the largest force within the Spanish working class?
Why do United States citizens call themselves Americans?
Why did Stanley Kubrick leave the United States?
Why do you separate ourselves from those who appear not to be in the same social class?
Why did Robespierre kill lots of people?
Why might liberals and radicals join together in a nationalist movement?
Why do broadcasters dont have Philippine Regulation Commission licensure exam?
Why does a executioner wear a veil?
Why was it risky to try out new ideas on farms in the 1700s?
Why do you commercialize religion holidays?
Why is it named fulton bed?
Why did Iltutmish refused to protect prince?
Why should a student be alert like a crow?
Why was this a shameful time in American History?
Why is participation considered such an effective technique for lessening to change?
Why is Singapore a socialist yet under democracy?
Why are shaved bald heads so popular?
Why does the texture non period discharge change?
Why has the role in foreign policy increased?
Why was ocean park shut down maspalomas?
Why is it okay for every country on earth to drill for new oil but not okay for US?
Why do pendulums swing faster when smaller?
Why did the Spaniards travel to the Americas between 1500 ad and 1600 ad?
Why is marujuana illegal in the US?
Why did mugals decline politically?
Why do liberal states have struggling economies while conservative states are doing a lot better?
Why was the luberation struggle so important in SA?
Why are black women treated so badly by whites and men of color?
Why is that men are perrenial conquerors and women perpetually conquered?
Why is the name kittyhawk important in the history of flight?
Why did the spanish came to Peru full information please?
Why were the Red Guards referred to as thelost generations?
Why is the carabao regarded as the national animal of the Philippines?
Why cannot war solve any problems?
Why is culture essential to man?
Why is it that occidental and oriental mindoro was separated?
Why was that particular IBM building design used?
Why was the interstate invented?
Why did the milatary rule not allow aung san suu ki to rule the mynmar in democratic system?
Why did the milatary rule not allow aung san suu ki to rule the mynmar in democratic system?
Why did US join first world war?
Why is it that tomato is main ingredients?
Why is consent so important in sexual behavior?
Why did viking communities need a quick local way of restoring law and order?
Why are there so many poor people in the world?
Why are mass media unable to execute their role as social change agents?
Why is there a building boarded up in coombe club drive Kingston?
Why was John Brown sometimes called the avenging angel?
Why is David Papandrea so honest?
Why do Ronnie Ann and Dundee get sooo much money for this Bigumbul land and all the real traditional owners get nothing?
Why were round table conferences held in London?
Why were Napoleon Bonaparte so important in the battle of Trafalgar?
Why was faternity part of the revolutionary rhetoric?
Why did Mount Mitchell become a state park?
Why did French explorers want to go to America?
Why do so many people live in the phoenix area?
Why is heritage debated and controversial?
Why is it better to live in a demotric political contry rather than a authoritarian political govermant?
Why was the development of institutions on of the most important features of neolithic culture?
Why was shipbuilding important in the 19th century?
Why was an elevated subway built to corona queens?
Why was the enlightenmeant important?
Why did Europeans gain control of the major lanes and establish political and economic hegemony on distant continents?
Why did the battle of salamis occur?
Why wasThe peoples government of shanghai Commemorative medal made?
Why are goverment and politics necessary?
Why did Scottish people want their own Parliament?
Why do people worry about life so much?
Why were the Christian Salvesen houses built in Edinburgh?
Why do minorities continue in society?
Why do you think cemex decided to exit Indonesia after failing to gain majority control of semen gresik?
Why is part of the town of port jervis called the acre?
Why are feminists opposed to structuralism?
Why are governments incorporated?
Why is political compromise important?
Why did food production spread at different rates on different continents?
Why is Herman Branson famous?
Why do Americans hate the communists?
Why are there lights in some places and no lights in other?
Why is English used for official purposes even when Hindi is the official language?
Why is egypt important to africa?
Why are there so many people in California watnted to be part of the US?
Why did the spanish come southwest?
Why is the us government trying to kill the poor?
Why did banking grow during the age of exploration?
Why does warden believes jimmys response?
Why were domestic and foreign passed?
Why is NAACP so important in today life?
Why is Darius you significant to history?
Why did they stop making the musashi Black Dragon Katana?
Why does school clubs have mottoes?
Why is the ruined city is the city spoken of as the work of giants?
Why was navigation not accurate in the age of discovery?
Why do you need the influence of other cultures?
Why would people want to go to Virginia in the 1800?
Why are people of the south pacific so overweight?
Why are the women in charge of gathering instead of hunting?
Why have people throughout history fought in the name of religious freedom?
Why has mankind not become extinct yet?
Why is Alex Jones not in your list of talk radio hosts?
Why did people want to move to Louisiana?
Why is the union important to US history?
Why does society need laws and government?
Why would the gummy bear expand over night in the water?
Why are smaller livestocks kept in inner courtyards?
Why was fair trade setup?
Why is an absolute moarchy or dictatorshipthe best form of government during a period of war?
Why is it important to study chrisitianity?
Why is evidence necessary in history?
Why could the dutch people not continue being crop farmers?
Why should poets take a scienfic approach to their profession?
Why did the livestock breeders need the farmers?
Why were ziigurants made for was it to honor gods?
Why does agriculture and raising livestock led to such a population increase?
Why did people want to settle in Kentucky?
Why are the soldiers considered very important?
Why did the church outlaw such mayday celebrations for a while?
Why was gotama so famous?
Why did Australia join World War 2?
Why did Herodotus call book VII Polymnia?
Why is culture important in society?
Why did the Spanish push for settlement in regions of North America?
Why do you think that the children was seen as one of the main priorities by the new Liberal Government?
Why did the carolinas break up?
Why is lala Khal named so in Stlhet?
Why is a timeline useful?
Why do you do the pledge of alligance every morning?
Why do archaeologists screen dirt?
Why did Charles Pinckey choose South Carolina?
Why was Constintine important?
Why are there no pictures of muhamed?
Why are command economies more laid back than a communist society?
Why are thinking skills important for the future?
Why do scientist say that the people who lived in cagayan valley were related to the peking man?
Why do people think thanjavur as a great town?
Why did southerners resent carpetbaggers and scalawags?
Why were absolute monarchs needed?
Why did the Romans believe that law should be based on principles of reason and justice?
Why were strikes associated with violence?
Why did most whites not want blacks to enlist in the army?
Why cant you see carotene pigments in the summer?
Why are there military coups in less developed countries and not in developed countries?
Why did fashion change in the 30s?
Why do people standing trial ask for other offenses to be taken into consideration?
Why do geographores divide areas into regons?
Why do geogerphores areas into regons?
Why did jousting take place?
Why does football take place?
Why did flood kill so many people in US?
Why is Israel shaped like an anus?
Why are jails overcrowded?
Why does chavez believe states are better able to handle local problems?
Why do you think some of the German princes supported he pope while others supported luthers ideas?
Why is it important to guard against hidden or unexpected variables?
Why is Angloa so poor?
Why are zionists so racist?
Why was the world upside down 1647?
Why was Noah Webster compelled to travel around the country to secure a copyright for his Speller?
Why did printing advance knowledge?
Why are school weeks five days long?
Why did the drumming originate in Africa?
Why are governments not targeting full employment?
Why is katharine graham famous?
Why did government officials choose Pittsburgh to host the summit this year?
Why is cultural diffusion occurring more rapidly arround the world today than in previous centuries?
Why did robespierre kill people?
Why do Spaniard priests that who came to your country teaches us?
Why was the first US congress one of the most creative and productive?
Why were the states called disunited in 1771?
Why was it possible for some nations to take advantage of Columbus discovery immediately while others could not?
Why was the east teat cheaper than the smuggle kind?
Why was capital needed in the north?
Why was heth so confused when he met with lee?
Why is it important to study cultures outside of your own?
Why did immigrants come?
Why does the US have such a blending of culture?
Why is coercion unlawful conduct?
Why is the capital city important?
Why did English spread worldwide in the 20th century?
Why might a textile mill be a dangerous place to work?
Why did congress not pass a land reformed plan?
Why are features located where they are?
Why do you think women were not given the right to vote?
Why are legends significant in different cultures?
Why was Virgil sent to Dante as a guide?
Why did leaders from most states meet in Philadelphia in 1787?
Why is a bird emblem on the mast?
Why is wibledon so nosie?
Why would Americans be drawn to the setting of casablanca?
Why did population records begin?
Why did many Europeans settle in Winnipeg?
Why was baron Cohen experiment natural?
Why is bologna circle and bread square?
Why are Africans masks made?
Why is society important to human beings?
Why do Sociologists find it Difficult to maintain Objectivity?
Why was Baghdad known as the jewel of the world?
Why was nepoleon jailed?
Why is it that white woman cannot marry in the black America?
Why were the patriots and loyalist divided?
Why do some cultures tend to be lazy compared to Americans?
Why is studying about early humans important to us?
Why did moshe the beadle say he had returned to sighet?
Why is it better to eat mutton from sheep than beef if you are concerned about the number of hungry people in the world?
Why is learning history a puzzle?
Why do people often listen to opinion rather than get facts for themselves?
Why are you doing it?
Why did the people of catalhoyuk use clay balls?
Why did the American form of government succeed?
Why were there 5 grievance against george III?
Why might the local and national economy be out of synch?
Why was there a high mortality rate among the crew on board the slaver in the 18th century?
Why did many politicians like the spoils system?
Why was trepanation carried out in prehistoric times?
Why is it important to be counted as Latino in the us census?
Why was social parwinism?
Why is that date importantin hawiian history?
Why was it important that troosevelt was a conservationist?
Why is your heritage and history importannt?
Why did the government give special preference to married men in1935?
Why do most publishers still use artists to make final prints?
Why did the populists fail to win support in northeastern states?
Why did immigrant families endure a difficult journey and live in slums?
Why is a ballot paper called a ballot paper?
Why did the US avoid the excesses of the French Revolution?
Why was the right of deposit important for western farmers?
Why did British allow double burial?
Why was it terrible under pisistratus?
Why did human brings enter into civil society according to Locke?
Why was roman citizenship valued highly?
Why was ramanujacharya important to history?
Why do so many people in Sacramento work in government?
Why do archaologists create grids?
Why was the 10 hours act important?
Why is history so important to Machiavelli?
Why did some business leaders want to devlop southern industry?
Why does Richard the third want the crown in the book Sent?
Why is concord massachussetts an important city US history?
Why did some people believe that racism was at work in imperiacism?
Why do people disrespect soldiers?
Why did whites object to sharing a pool with blacks?
Why do you think the responsibilities listed in were assigned to each level of government?
Why were Isabella and Ferdinand called the Catholic monarchs?
Why did they want to keep the meeting a secret from the public the philadephia convention?
Why dosent Middlesbrough have a city status?
Why were immigrants detained?
Why is it important to absolute rulers to educate the young?
Why were holes made in the walls of the golkonda fort?
Why do modern day buildings use classical greek arcitecture?
Why should the government reduce street children?
Why did the war in Yugoslavia?
Why was an interest in politics considered a public duty?
Why did the blackfoot Indians dance?
Why did the Vietnamese war occur?
Why does aid to parochial schools often pose a constitutional problem?
Why was race the progressives blind spot?
Why were Europeans diseases devastating to the peoples of America?
Why is it important for us to explore outer space?
Why do some people favor the multiparty system for the United States?
Why does Richards conclude that debt was not the main cause of the rebellion?
Why might institutions of authority on knowledge to reject new ideas?
Why is representative government important?
Why did many people wander throughout the countryside during The Great Depression?
Why is this site not do what you ask it to?
Why did settlers in Texas declare war against Mexico?
Why were the Egyptians easy to defeat by the Hyksos?
Why were sumerian states independent for one another?
Why did coalition against the government fizzle?
Why did Douglas break with Buchanan?
Why is linda ronstadt significant to national hispanic heritage month?
Why were some Georgians reluctant to rebel against Britain?
Why do you believe English and History are appropiate subjects to be studied in a humanities course?
Why was the governmt sepated into s powers?
Why did it take so long for prohibition to be introduced in the USA?
Why are people dicriminated against?
Why did more blacks support Washington?
Why was Vally Forge an important battle for the patriots?
Why is it such a problem that the president uses the spoils system to choose who he wants in office?
Why is United States not a spanish country?
Why do many Italians have stone lions in front of their homes?
Why are some units in the organisation more powerful than others?
Why should ethics be separated from politics?
Why did Ben Franklin go to Philadelphia?
Why did Eurupeans want to find a Western route to Asia?
Why do some nations thrive while others are struggling?
Why is neglect of duty and refusal to work against law of ethics?
Why is siddharth bardiya cool?
Why did many Peruvians move to Lima from the highlands in the 1980s?
Why were the tariffs on imports proposed by Madison and promoted by clay necessary?
Why is the Chinese history more continuous than any other?
Why is Edwin LDake an important figure in the history of the oil industry?
Why is the US considered a nation built on documents?
Why do things get more expensive?
Why would the delegates would wanna make peace with Britain?
Why could the us not separate?
Why do many present day statues wear togas?
Why are sumsui women vanishing?
Why is 1605 important in the history of Parliament what happend?
Why is religion a value and for what purpose has religion been institutionalized?
Why do so few people vote?
Why are immigrants bad?
Why is it false saying that southern whites and racial theories were outcasts in the rest of the USA during the reconstruction period?
Why does the US play the leading role in world affairs?
Why was Tubular bells song in the exorcist?
Why does Cornel West wear a black scarf around his neck?
Why was anne bradstreet famous?
Why did Europeans come to Maliseet?
Why is Norway the best place to live in the world?
Why is necessary for archivist to study administrative history?
Why is lee kuan yew clever?
Why did Judge Wilson vote for independence 1776?
Why did the polish come to Texas?
Why is perennialism considered an elitist theory?
Why do you think that digital crimes have grown over the past few decades?
Why is North Korea a oligarchy?
Why do thai people eat human being?
Why do countries at war seek to control culture?
Why is knowing what students role model is so important?
Why are insurance companies exempt from sherman antitrust law?
Why is 1718 important in Texas History?
Why did people need a faster way of communicating before the telephone?
Why was pemmican so important in fur trade?
Why were borders made?
Why did people stop speaking sanskrit?
Why should you have a time capsule?
Why is progresivism garded as weak in subject matter mastery?
Why was Adolf Hitler being chased?
Why was benfranklin so happy with the conistution being approved?
Why is the nominating phase so important to the election process?
Why were the orders read about killing any black person found fighting against the south?
Why was the enlightenment so important?
Why did millions of Indians die of starvation in the 1800s?
Why was having long hair a good thing in Frankish society?
Why is Nelson Algren acused of McCarthyism?
Why did people move from rural areas to urban areas?
Why did the europeans sell opium in China?
Why does beneatha cut her hair and why is it important?
Why are unionists opposed to homerule?
Why did Irish people come to Britain?
Why is the judge higher up than the person on trial?
Why did European countries want to build new empires in Asia and Africa?
Why do religious people practice prayers?
Why would you pay Charon to send you to hell?
Why do we choose not to address the larger public issues in your society?
Why are people not allowed to record at Walmart?
Why was the sugar revolution more than just a change?
Why did people colonize in the Americas?
Why is the battle of goliad so important?
Why did a emperor build a tomb of soldiers?
Why did the Africans wear masks?
Why were temperatures high on slave ships?
Why was it so hot on slaveships?
Why are people hanged?
Why was 1619 an important part of history?
Why was the south primarily rural?
Why is firt park in sheffield called firth park?
Why do you think people stopped being hunter and gatherers and started farmming instead?
Why were the committies of corresspondence powerful organization?
Why did the Salem witch trial occur?
Why was robespierre significant?
Why do you feel colder or hotter in humid environments compared to drier ones?
Why does Whitman called lincoin captain and father?
Why did people choose to come to America in during the 1670?
Why did Commodore Perry travel to Japan?
Why did maria theresa and Fredrick the great fight two wars against each other?
Why did children work in factories during the 1800s?
Why did Spain gain control over most of Latin America?
Why do books for education cost so much more than other books?
Why is the year 1492 is sig nificant for what two reasons?
Why were the French involved in the American Revolution?
Why is America always top?
Why did the Cubans rebel against Spain?
Why was India ban from football?
Why did octavia hill start the acf?
Why did the telegraph come about?
Why is Lucas Sullivant important in the history of Columbus?
Why did Amorsolo make the Sunday Morning?
Why did the election of 1800 end in a tie?
Why was shannon heritage set up?
Why is the corpus christi festvial celebrated?
Why do Pennsylvania steel mills produce less steel than they did in the past?
Why was the spanish English war so important?
Why do sciencetist hardly use numbers?
Why was there a cultural change of British in 1990 to 2000?
Why does Maria W Stewart argue that the condition of free blacks was but a little better than slaver y?
Why did the investiture controversy last so long?
Why is communication good in politic?
Why is the office of the citizen so important?
Why are workers in third world countries being paid at lower rates?
Why do humans always want to know more?
Why did the British and Hindu fear the jihad movement?
Why did Curzon want to politically reorganize the Raj?
Why is Steve ballmer sexist?
Why are the Giza pyramids triangular?
Why was there competition amongst European countries in the fur trade?
Why did immigrants live near other immigrants?
Why has mesopotamia been such an attractive target for invasion throughout history?
Why is legislature putting a ban on TVs?
Why should you pull out of Afganistan?
Why were long bows efficient in ancient times?
Why did US officials want eastern Indians to move westward?
Why did Afghanistan fight the soviet union?
Why did the Russia Revolution lead to global fear?
Why can cour opinions be appealed?
Why was the battle for constantinople a disaster from the point of view of the byzatines?
Why is the documentary called 500 Nations?
Why is the manual handling policy important?
Why did the suffragette movement fail?
Why did the relations between the Spanish colonists and the indigenous peoples of the Indies deteriorate so rapidly?
Why did the farmers alliance fail?
Why should the middle men be encouraged in your economy?
Why did Atahualpa throw the Bible on the ground?
Why was the battle with NY and philadelphia important?
Why was dracula known as a vampire?
Why does the structures change over time?
Why do you treat people as equals?
Why has Afghanistanbecome such an important country in world history?
Why did Tudor boys treated differently to girls?
Why are bombs used?
Why are there so few transcontinental roads and railways in Canada?
Why does marlow need more houses?
Why is hieroglyphics so special?
Why did the pre historic indiand leave?
Why do Albanians form a majority in Kosovo?
Why is there no need for immigrants to live in the South?
Why did Marjis parents send her to Austria while they stayed in Tehran?
Why do the taiwanese build their houses the way they do?
Why did the strikes of the 1890s fail to produce permanent gains for workers?
Why did George W Bush do little campaigning on behalf of 2006 Republican congressional candidates?
Why did congress pass the National defence act and the naval construction act in 1916?
Why do people greet each other by bowing in japan?
Why was the league of nations successful?
Why is rapid europeanization of Russia in 17th century a paradox?
Why were American victories in the west important to the us?
Why did many Americans discriminate against Mormons catholics and Jewish people?
Why was there a general strike in Britain in 1926 and why did it fail?
Why were moneylenders mistreated?
Why did the us remain isolated?
Why did industrialists oppose the increased coinage of silver during the nineteenth century?
Why is rising affluence associated with reduction in production of waste emissions?
Why did the Tai Ping Rebellion appealed to many people?
Why did montesquieu think England had the best government?
Why does Medici reflects the early Italian Renaissence and Could it have taken place without people like the Medici?
Why did montesquieu believe England had the best government?
Why did metallurgy begin?
Why does my fourteen year old brother act so dumb?
Why did the proprietors want to encourage the quick settlement of caroloina?
Why was saquanto important?
Why do people run for governor?
Why was the patriot victory of Ft Ticonderoga so important?
Why was the 16th amendment ratified?
Why were Americans concerned with post war strikes?
Why did the Framers of the Constitution decide to grant Congress the power to tax?
Why would Washington tell the new nation not to make too many allies in Europe?
Why is it important for us to share information between agencies in America that make decisions on your safety?
Why should America not adopt public financing of political campaign?
Why were the bourgeois and proletarians pitted against each other?
Why would a confederate system of government most likely unify under central authority?
Why do elections have so little impact on public policy?
Why is it important to know what temperature scale is being used in given situation?
Why was robespierre important to the French revolution?
Why are most transitions to democracy begun by leaders already inside the government?
Why is the system of checks and balances?
Why is rememberence day celebrated on nov 11 at 11 pm?
Why did the people in stone age begin to take up occupations?
Why is fort margherita special to malaysians?
Why was the domestic system an expensive way to produce goods?
Why do people like living in leighton buzzard?
Why did science mathematics and the arts thrive in the muslin empires?
Why did the prohibition movement appeal to so many women?
Why did Robert fitzroy become govenor?
Why is justice just as important as liberty?
Why did Ireland move to the US in the 1840s and 1850s?
Why is it important to understand the opinions of others when trying to bring about political change?
Why did the death rate rise in the 1800s?
Why did the alliance system in Europe in 1914 made the conflicts worse once fighting began?
Why is authentic culture subversive?
Why would content validity of a test would be more important than predictive validity?
Why is there a conflict between environmental groups and energy producing groups?
Why did the british empire need slaves?
Why is history considered as a science or art?
Why is the blockade so effective against island nations?
Why did Ethan Allen join the british side?
Why did European monarchs fear the example set by the US?
Why did the Turtle Bayou Resolution happen?
Why are oligarchies rare?
Why do the Kurds seek their own country?
Why can the revolution be considered the first war of nation liberation?
Why was Carpenter Gothic style popular?
Why do you need a new Bretton Woods Institution?
Why do Talibans wear pyjamas all the time?
Why was the united nations create?
Why was Brazil found?
Why have efforts to resolve the conflict and established peace failed?
Why did Virgil lead Dante on his trip to the nether regions?
Why is the procedural due process called the cornerstone of a civilized system of justice?
Why does separation between church and state did not and does not appeal to Muslims?
Why were prison camps so unbearable?
Why were people all over the world migrating from urban to rural area during the dark ages?
Why wasent Africa completely colonized?
Why did some Europeans see themselves as morally superior to those they ruled?
Why was he called Von Ryan?
Why is education a benefit of diversity in society?
Why is the system important carlous linnaeus?
Why were people unable to travel from Europe to Asia in 1400?
Why did the russains migrate to the United States?
Why is a absolute ruler better than no government at all?
Why did the king decide the colonists needed to pay taxes?
Why would being from Canada instead of France help iberville and bienville?
Why did john Adams daughter susanna die?
Why is it that country name Philippines?
Why does the national government want information on peoples education and jobs?
Why is it important of the loket virgil finds?
Why did Europeans want to learn to read Arabic?
Why is November 13th important in tv history?
Why do 1 percent of the worlds population own over 90 percent of the wealth?
Why is spinning centralized?
Why was Jessie Street respected?
Why was Jesse Street respected?
Why is Belloc associated with bathrooms in the play 84 charing cross road?
Why did Jesus challenge the pious leaders in Jerusalem?
Why has employment of labor become increasingly global?
Why is the development of the Gutenberg press significant?
Why does Gillespie ash Virgil to stay until evening?
Why should you be against imperialism?
Why is the pregnancy disrcrimination act of 1978 a good thing?
Why do not some friends stickup for you when getting picked on?
Why do you have slums?
Why did German princes meet at Worm?
Why are companies trying to use kites to move oil tankers?
Why did only some southerners support repiblican reforms?
Why has the US allowed the dictatorship of Fidel Castro and his brother to continue in Cuba?
Why was the exxon valdeza ship so close to the rocks?
Why was Maximillien Robespierre famous?
Why is it necessary to collect money for the RNLI?
Why is it necessary to collect money for the British Legion?
Why did Empress Tsu Hsi have a great appreciation for the Scent of the Buddha pagoda?
Why is it important to know primary and secondary resources while learning history?
Why did southwest Asia become a region of great diversity?
Why are most nations in Africa less than 100 years old?
Why do certain famous people have ghostwriters to write their memoirs for them instead of other famous people have co authors to help them write their memoirs?
Why is prejudice a bad thing in the worplace?
Why was the university of Georgia was established?
Why is the economy often times the leading factor in choosing your elected officials?
Why does American government reflect a vast array of thoughts principals and ideologies?
Why is 1916 an important date in history?
Why is charging by induction important to your eviroment?
Why was the period from 1825 to 1845 known as the era of Jackson?
Why is court important?
Why did entreprenuers form trusts?
Why did jean Jacques Rousseau believe what he believed?
Why is the White house a heritage site?
Why do tyrannies develop after oligarchies?
Why do they call it a cat and clay chimney?
Why did Samuel Johnson decide to write dictionary of the English language?
Why was Parliament angry at Charles 1st?
Why does the free market system bring efficency as well as freedom?
Why did Baldwin and lafontaine favor the bill?
Why did lord elgin hesitate to sign the bill?
Why do you think research and avoiding bias is important to the writing of history?
Why is it that Linagayen is the capital of Pangasinan?
Why did the creoles want independence?
Why did the revolutionary coalition in Hungary break down?
Why did men have to take off their boots before being hung?
Why was neda agha sultan killed?
Why does Grant fight the two mulatto bricklayers?
Why were many Israelites forced to leave their home?
Why did Massachusetts lower the legal drinking age in 1973?
Why didnt Mary kill Elizabeth?
Why was there an increase in demand for coal in the nineteenth century?
Why should tobacco advertising be banned?
Why is the native interpreters at Plymouth Plantation so rude to guests do they want people to hate them?
Why are reservations for women in the parliament necessary?
Why was James ritty a saloon keeper?
Why did Robert da salle wanted to start buisness?
Why did they change how juveniles were tried?
Why did the people give a mead hall a name?
Why were factories built in America?
Why is infant mortality rate important in telling the health of a country?
Why did isambard kingdom brunel invent the railways?
Why does Russia called Land Where the Sun Never Rises?
Why did Wood state there were less Minutemen at Lexington than originally thought?
Why have a UK census?
Why does the president sign with so many pens?
Why did women wear coifs and bonnets?
Why was the concert in 1987 named graceland?
Why do people commit robbery?
Why do some children look like Asian even though their parents are not Asian?
Why did people commit treason?
Why were the 1880s to 1890s known as the Gilded Age?
Why has the cabinet changed over time?
Why do you need to respect superior?
Why was the late summer and early fall of 1862 a problematic time for the Union?
Why did Jean Chretien go into politics?
Why was the exedition peaceful with the Indians?
Why did napolean sell the lousiana territory to the US?
Why is Caesar Rodney important in American history?
Why is culture important for us?
Why does king object to being called an outsider?
Why do people hate it in Newcastle?
Why was aurangzeb unpopular by the time of his death 1707?
Why might Milton have chosen to include a direct statement of purpose at the beginning of paradise lost?
Why is Edward Coke important?
Why were more women becoming teachers in the 1820s?
Why would you think himselfr culture anyway?
Why is important to road?
Why did South Carolina threatento succede in the early 1800s?
Why did some American want tarrifs imposed?
Why was the dove with olive branch used for?
Why do some men persecute other people?
Why do seismic waves slow down in the asthenosphere?
Why did the Germans become involved in World War 2?
Why do SriLankans have long names?
Why do you think philosopy and religion are related to Asian history?
Why did workers increasingly turn to the strike as a tactic to win labor gains?
Why is the declararation of independece so important to history?
Why dont children from the lower class do as well in school as children from the upper class?
Why did General Ayub Khan declare Martial Law in 1958?
Why does the cross considered as the most powerful manner of pacification?
Why are they even being robbing the tombs?
Why do four queens take sir launcelot prisoner?
Why do the fat flower lady kill hobos and their pathetic cardboard boxes?
Why was captain Lewis important in US history?
Why did the lower class people could not afford parties are pets?
Why did the US enter the war World War 1?
Why would historians refer to the 14th Amendment as the Second Bill of Rights?
Why might poe have chosen someone like Montrestor to tell his story?
Why did gordan parks high school years get cut short?
Why should you care about history?
Why do so many people want to live in the south east of England?
Why did machine gun kelly go to alcatraz i need answers fast?
Why is che quevara considered a hero?
Why did jeanette rankin oppose ww1?
Why did the french explore Mississippi?
Why did the life of women change in the 1800s?
Why is there a distiction between maternal and paternal grandparents?
Why is Dec 07 celebrated as Armed Forces Day ion INdia?
Why is San Diego California mainly sunny?
Why do churches burn books?
Why did the author indicate that your very earliest ancestors did not appreciably alter their environment because they?
Why are many high school and college sports teams called the Spartans?
Why did the Spanish want a water passage through the northwest?
Why was Meroe a good location?
Why did the government want to stop the potlatch?
Why is a donkey an Advent symbol?
Why should a speech outline be balanced?
Why is a functional region important?
Why are Climate officials in Oslo Norway defrauding Vladimir Putin Moscow Russia?
Why did Julius Sterling Morton establish Arbor Day?
Why did trade flourish under the Abbasids?
Why did farming villages of west Africa expand?
Why was National Urban League formed?
Why is mesopotamia often called the cradle of civilization?
Why was Tim Ryans Draft Speech written?
Why was pearl harbor attacked by the japenese?
Why did Hernando coretz die?
Why did many of the nations leaders dislike the politicle parties?
Why is tenskwatawa important to history?
Why did early African resitance movements fail?
Why is article 5 amending the constitution important in a democracy?
Why was farming a problem in New England?
Why did some people move from northern china to southern china?
Why did people settle in canton Ohio a long time ago?
Why were the Medici seen as the fathers of the Renaissance?
Why did the meat inspection succeed?
Why is 70 percent percent of black women children born out of wedlock?
Why were unskilled workers afraid to complain about wages or working conditions?
Why is poverty evil?
Why is the battle of shioloh so imporntant?
Why was balboa work important to world history?
Why did ben Franklin say we must all hang together or assuredly you shall all hang seperately?
Why was john proebling important to the development of city?
Why did Carranza favor politics?
Why was Daniel Berrigan civil disobedient?
Why do we study news?
Why is the system of checks and balances an important part of the constitution?
Why does everyone hate US so much?
Why do some countries today try to conquer other countries?
Why did the spanish mornarchy lose control of most of their American territories in 1810 and1825?
Why did so many Americans support the Cuban rebels?
Why has politics been called the art of compromise?
Why are troops in Afganistan?
Why do countries specialize in prducing certain goods?
Why is the development of democracy significant in the history of world civilization?
Why was the sea a popular method for sending supplies to California?
Why was Athen consider ed at one point an oligarchy?
Why did the acient nubia use the nubian pottry?
Why will a pendulum eventually stop?
Why did the battle of grunwalk take place?
Why didnt oligarchy last?
Why should you be a loyalist not a patriot?
Why do a sailor remove is cover in the galley?
Why didnt Germany embarrass Austria after the war?
Why did totalit rain governments arise after ww1?
Why is maria therasa important in this history?
Why did the US go to war with Britain in the war of 1812?
Why do minority groups have rights in the government?
Why do the conspirators decide not to attack Antony?
Why do you need brothers and sisters?
Why did people come to America from other places to make new communties?
Why cant a girl go as the 80s boy george on stage and dress up as him in a 80s party?
Why will the government not be able to bring about equality and should the government even try to bring it about?
Why is Romania hardly talked about?
Why are industries and crops so important to the Europeans?
Why didnt the 1922 white paper work?
Why is the Temple Mount a particularly contested religious site?
Why was middle school 226 named after virgil Ivan grissom?
Why did Canada change its attitude toward human rights issues?
Why is the environment a social justice issue?
Why did marrk prrediction fail?
Why did the british occupy Egypt?
Why is the US presidency role different among other world leaders?
Why do political candidates always put each other down and not speak for themselves?
Why are graves placed from east to west?
Why do people fight for their lives?
Why did industry change between 1750 and 1900?
Why do things have value?
Why did nativists oppose new immigration?
Why has the world turn for the even worse?
Why is Vinegar Hill called Vinegar Hill?
Why do people travel to other places?
Why did many reform movements cause resentment in the south?
Why was compromise so necessary in the government between 1850 and 1864?
Why do people stand when the president comes in to the room?
Why is neolithic revolution a turing point in history?
Why was the victory at the Battle of Saratoga so important to the Patriot cause?
Why were mining and lumbering more profitable for corporations than individuals?
Why is john appleseed called a good legend?
Why do the Germans let the State collect Kirchensteuer Churchtax?
Why was this story called The story the finest looking people you ever seen?
Why is there 4 entrances in the golden temple?
Why do some American interest groups oppose immigration?
Why did the secretary of state john hay issue the open door notes?
Why was Oliver Cromwell a strict leader?
Why are Jocelyn Bell Burnell contributions so important?
Why did someone want to be a highwayman?
Why were women more valuable in Africa?
Why did a nativity set carved by Bethlehem carpenters create a sensation in 2007?
Why were there more male than female pharoahs that ruled Egypt?
Why do they calling launching planes scrambling them?
Why was the Poll Tax outlawed?
Why is it that 5 percent of Police are regarded as corrupt?
Why did highwaymen robbed people?
Why is lock on grand union canal called pywell?
Why did the US make guns?
Why should I go into Border Patrol?
Why was south not supportive of a national transportation system?
Why should society move from individualism to collectivism?
Why was Leland Stanford considered a robber baron?
Why was the rifle important?
Why am I not ticklish?
Why did graham bell want to be an inventor?
Why do you respect Virgil Tibbs the most?
Why did the bonsecors market choose their name?
Why did the Huon move to the Southern part of Michigan?
Why does the Christmas season start before Thanksgiving?
Why do you have sextants today?
Why was king in the city?
Why is there USM personnel in Germany?
Why did vote become nessary?
Why did the league of nations fail to keep peace in the 1930s?
Why was El Barrio famous?
Why were the indies interested in reaching the indies?
Why will you supossedly die in 2012?
Why was churchill always sticking to fingers in the air?
Why do people value their heritage?
Why were the creoles and mestizos ready to fight for independence?
Why do some people think that James 1 himself faked the plot?
Why is permanent homes and civilizations important to history?
Why is the concept of civilization controversial to history?
Why is it important for people to express themselves?
Why are womne treated like object in calander and website and rap song but men arent treated like dat why?
Why is the campaign of fiscal equity important to NYC school children?
Why is the UK in Afganistan?
Why did Parnell fall so soon after the apparent exoneration of the special commission?
Why is parlaiment hill important?
Why did communism seem to pose a threat to capatialist nations?
Why did Spaniards not buy Spanish goods?
Why is there a wealth gap between whites and africans in the United States?
Why did Zitkala Sa dissagree with commissioner Morgan?
Why is knowledge important than career or family?
Why does most of people want to go to warnet?
Why did the paratroopers in World War 2 use several different types of small arms?
Why is Daddy Bill so concern about not appearing to support Guatemala?
Why is the Rockefeller family never mentioned on lists stating the most important families in history?
Why were War Powers established?
Why did people settle in the Arctic region?
Why do some groops have colective rights and not others?
Why did people in hooverville call cops cowards?
Why is western Massachusetts so overwhelmingly Democratic?
Why are some Liberal extremists so intellectually dishonest and so hypocritically obvious as documented by patterns of crying hate and intolerance then employing the bigotry themselves?
Why is it important to study past events?
Why was the middle passage important in history?
Why are people who cross the picket line called a scab?
Why is it important to know the efficiency of light source?
Why was national service abolished?
Why does democacy requires voters?
Why is it important in todays economy that people become bilingual?
Why was a buildup of weapons big enough for mutually assured destruction seen as a way to preserve peace?
Why did parliament have less money in middle ages than in the 17th century?
Why did the Texans fire pieces of chain instead of cannonballs?
Why did southern states seceded from the union?
Why are YouTube comments so ignorant?
Why were the Quakers founded?
Why has the Haitian earthquake prompted such high levels of international attention compared to other recent earthquakes?
Why were class based protests never powerful in the US?
Why does America help other countries?
Why was cotton important in antebellum Alabama?
Why did the Greeks start the games?
Why are there so many black people called nelson or Winston?
Why do people say USA rather than USOA?
Why is Adolf Hitler a great speaker?
Why would you want to go to virgina in the 1700s?
Why is russia economy struggling?
Why did the gentleman in white waistcoat think that Oliver would be hung?
Why did the vikings not get credit for discovering north America?
Why did johnny appleseed plant the apple tree?
Why was thinking of them selves as Americans a change for the colonists?
Why did populists want to return to bimetallic standard?
Why did oligarchy not last?
Why did Alliances make small problems into big ones because?
Why were Muslims more successful than europeans when it came to having a greater influence on history?
Why is it politics were always be part of your life?
Why was the protectorate stopped?
Why did The Irish nationalists want to be completely separated from England?
Why does pseudopsychologies continue to thrieve even though they have no scientific basis?
Why did women lead a march to Versailles?
Why is Virgil in hell?
Why is there unequality in this world?
Why is david crosthwait famous?
Why did the Battle of Fort George start?
Why do the women in Embroidery continue everyday life instead of seeking shelter?
Why are sodbusters important?
Why was Elija Muhammed arrested?
Why might economic and military interest go hand in hand?
Why did the dutch take over East India?
Why was January 26 chosen as the republicday?
Why did federalism was adopted?
Why is Idi Amin dictatorship necessary to Uganda and his effectiveness?
Why was Rameses important to Egyptian history?
Why is the ability to organize and convey information with clarity and coherence an important skill in the information age?
Why did the patriots and the loyalists rob houses and persecute people?
Why do you think thatcriminals were glamorized in the 1930s?
Why is the past so important to us?
Why do guidos spike their hair like sonic the hedgehog?
Why was Robespierre afraid of political traitors?
Why do Canadians consider their society to be mosaic?
Why would a person donate to the campaign for this positon like for representative?
Why did nz chamber of commerce start?
Why do immigrants have a different justice system than Americans like Homeland Security and ICE being only after the big fish with no punishment for minor crimes that would have any American in jail?
Why are southern state constitutions longer than northeastern states?
Why should man relate material things with responsible dominion?
Why was the storming Bastille important?
Why do you think this is so?
Why was tacoma wa nicknamed the destiny city?
Why did the Battle of Fort George begin?
Why was esteban the moor so important in history?
Why is the Mexican War an examole of manifest destiny for Daniel P?
Why did the American colonists grow used to making their own decixions?
Why do people pilgrim to the santiago de compostela cathedral?
Why was it important for the USA to give America the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1875 but prior to the 1921 Immigration law could it be still active and was it just certain Chinese?
Why are Americans so against free health care?
Why is necessary to know the law?
Why is it important for everyone to have a job in a society?
Why does Obama want to close the base in Cuba?
Why is snow removed from the roof of the White House?
Why do love waits?
Why were the temples built in Bengal?
Why do you think that some cities that are not on water have grown in recent years?
Why do humans ruin their lives?
Why has he mass followers?
Why did the parliamentarians win?
Why was rachel carons work so important?
Why does the dictator have the power?
Why did the british pay tax?
Why were women fedrua lashed?
Why did the Mexican government encourage Irish people to settle in Texas?
Why were leisure suits famous?
Why is it important that a pendulum in a clock is heavy?
Why are eagles on lecterns?
Why is the Indian stock market uneven thses days?
Why was third world left behind in development?
Why did the naval fleet at pearl harbor have all the major ships in one place?
Why did the capital of South Carolina moved from Charles town to Columbia?
Why was California harder to acquire than New Mexico?
Why was the parliament so important?
Why did the women in the club call it joy luck?
Why are kwame nkumah politics criitized?
Why did Sparta use an oligarchy?
Why did the European monarchs pursue exploration and control of the seas?
Why was ray frank famous?
Why was the year 1919 called The Year Of Crisis?
Why is 18 December observed as Minorities Rights Day?
Why is black history month impotant?
Why is Elizabeth Cady Stanton an Important Political Leader?
Why do you close entries?
Why do seismic waves travel at different speeds?
Why were the Russian Republics organized into seven under Putin?
Why should a society discover new resources?
Why does Europe have such a large number of old people?
Why is Jerusalem divided into four quarters?
Why is it generally presumed that transsexual gender identities and sex embodiments are inherently less natural and less legitimate than those of non transsexual people?
Why are there still developing nations?
Why was the 15th US Constitutional amendment ineffective in protecting African voting rights and office holding in the US?
Why were so many Canadians so desperate in the 1930s?
Why does History it affect population distribution?
Why was the mission nustra senora De la soledad built were it was?
Why did the Soviet Union want to control the countries of eastern Europe?
Why were sparrows so popular in Victorian jewelry?
Why did Edmund Barton choose politics?
Why was William Carey considered a father of modern missions?
Why should leaders be remembered?
Why is gaining an outside prespective on your work so important?
Why is the Force Bill significant?
Why is Pennsylvania important to US history?
Why are the battles of lexington and concord and Yorktown significant?
Why have there been fewer great women than men in history?
Why did Tarik Sulayman have a first name and a surname in 16th century Luzon?
Why did monarchies in ancient Greece become oligarchies?
Why is protection important?
Why do people need information in their lives give ten reasons?
Why was mission Nestra senora De la Soledad build there?
Why were wealthy entrepreneurs called robber barons?
Why was mr bely a miracle?
Why did oligarchies sometimes become tyrannies?
Why have there been so few oligarchies in the history of world governments?
Why did George Washington go into politics?
Why were people expected to conform?
Why has counter urbanisation become more common in the richer countries of the world?
Why did the Texas missions fail to Christianize the plains of people?
Why was the nation of Puerto Rico important to the development of the pill?
Why did Tilden lose the election of 1876?
Why are immigrants useless?
Why might that be the case that most of these countries in Central and South America have military government?
Why did the game of crisket become hugely popular in the caribbeans?
Why were the french traders accepted by the native Americans but the spanish explorers were not?
Why did Adams die?
Why did Britain end splendid isolation?
Why did Disraeli accept the amendments which significantly increased the the number of voers accepted into the franchise?
Why do schools get off on pulaski day?
Why is the nomadic culture in the region almost gone?
Why did Reconstruction eventually falter under Grant?
Why should you not take a bribe?
Why is woman of Magnitude?
Why did Prusssia Russia and Austria emerge as significant powers during the 17Th century?
Why is an oligarchy undemocratic?
Why did settlements grew?
Why did Muriel Stuwart give up poetry?
Why is the world growing so corrupt is it all because of money or power maybe its just stupidity or just greed?
Why was the AS 1100 developed?
Why was it important that New Zealand signed the treaty?
Why do political institutions use heritage resources?
Why did nationlism start?
Why did maximilion robespierre die?
Why did the battle of gate pa take place?
Why did common people help Jesse James when he was being chased by posses?
Why is temple of Artenus part of the 7 wonders?
Why would they conquer these lands and use what technology to manage them?
Why was ernest just famous?
Why are you all to own radios?
Why is interstate commerce so important to the development of the country and its economy?
Why is Marco polo more famous than ibn battuita?
Why does southwest Asia have more in common with north Africa than any other realm?
Why is natonalism such a powerful force in history?
Why did oligarchy end in ancient Greece?
Why are people rascist to others?
Why are republics different from kings or queens ruling?
Why did it take so long to criminalize stalking?
Why was Dudeabides Blocked from WikiAnswers?
Why is intelligence subordinate to policy?
Why does 2 Pac always sing about California?
Why are more people considered to be living in poverty today even though affluence has grown?
Why do young people rebel?
Why does a regional variation exist in the country?
Why is Virgil important?
Why was Hoover criticized?
Why were bedrooms on the ground floor?
Why was district 6 called district 6?
Why is sulfur dioxide considered as an acid oxide?
Why does it stink and smell bad in shreveport la?
Why did Hiuen Tsang carry light over his head?
Why did women want rights?
Why are three astronauts in that advert about three is the magi number and why does the one with the US badge talk in an ndian accent?
Why did Texas adapt to shortages during the civil war?
Why are glasses used?
Why do women bring their knees together?
Why were Marquette and Jolliet chosen to go on the journey to explore the Great River?
Why is belief in the afterlife important to people IN GENERAL?
Why is nationality important?
Why are there polock jokes?
Why did ancient man believe in nature worship?
Why are reliability and validity key issues in counselling assessment?
Why did men wear Corsets?
Why was Anna Mae Hays important?
Why are people still homeless?
Why was there a need for the bill of rights?
Why did the cazr rule ened?
Why is redhill called redhill?
Why is uhirgfh augqhfigowr?
Why is capitiol punshment wrong?
Why was the baster rebellion organized?
Why did the Robinson Patman Act limit competiton instead of preserving and strengthening it?
Why do rich people have an unfair advantage if people could sell there testicles?
Why do you need racial harmony?
Why is the year 1787 is important in us history?
Why does he feel touched why does he feel confused and disgusted?
Why was religion an important part of Arab life?
Why did the national convention decided to execute robespierre?
Why did Sparta became an oligarchy?
Why is poverty not the hindrance to success?
Why did Andrew Hamilton defend John Peter Zenger and free speech?
Why should Americans care about economic situation outside of your country?
Why was the balloon frame house made?
Why did White America until recent years not disclose African American achievements in military and other facets of American life neither in school books or media like movies?
Why did the people from 1700s dress like that?
Why do all the frogs stop croaking all at once suddenly?
Why did Tertullian opposed the study of pagan literature?
Why is religion an issue in the concepts of health medicines and science?
Why were the Normans better than the Irish?
Why is the Nile delta so fertile?
Why does racism and sexism exist?
Why is it so hard to conduct a census in nigeria?
Why is the garden of the fugitives called like that?
Why did colonial leaders convene a provincial congress to govern Massachusetts?
Why was Donato Bramante good for his job?
Why is the city The Hague important to world matters?
Why is the middle path important in history?
Why was coal hard hit?
Why do people study auditin in their undergratuate studies?
Why did Napoleon break ties with his family?
Why is alqueda ugly?
Why did harland sanders wear a white suit and black string tie?
Why should people want to have oligarchy?
Why cant you see constellations in the sky?
Why was north opposed to the cheap sale of land in the west?
Why did Dr Ellen ochoa make history?
Why are people interested in history?
Why didnt oligarchys last?
Why is multiculturalism a controversial issue for some people?
Why did the thousand of people gather on the wharf to watch in silent approval?
Why is most of the fighting in this world supposedly over or between religion?
Why does Carnevale believe that Organizations change agents must confuse people during a change process?
Why is parallel culture not necessary?
Why is latin America ideal for hydroelectric plants?
Why will Americans revolt over socialized medicine?
Why do you think scientific ideas led to practical new technologies more qiuckly during the 1900 than during the late1800?
Why does calligraphy mean beautihul writing?
Why did Mission Nuestra Senora de la Soledad close?
Why do people not care about poverty?
Why do liberals and conservatives have different beliefs?
Why did the Indonesian Killings happen and what does imperialism have to do with it?
Why do unions become politically invloved?
Why do wish good morning?
Why do people think the women are white cloth?
Why do many democrats love communism and hate freedom and liberty?
Why will Americans revolt against socialized medicine?
Why has the US not sealed their borders on the Great Lakes?
Why will Freedom and Liberty loving Americans revolt against Obamacare?
Why do many people consider Barack Obama a failure?
Why do some people think health care reform will destroy the Democrats?
Why was the francis turbine made?
Why is Julia Carson important in history?
Why is the government different from parliament?
Why is it called the cences?
Why did people criticize yellow journalism?
Why is moomba celebrated?
Why is pocket money called pocket money?
Why would you use a political map?
Why do building have to be erect on pilings in the high Artic?
Why do whites call blacks niggors?
Why is it that westernes seem to be most biased and prejudiced towards Asians?
Why was it difficulty to accept oral tradition as sources of history?
Why do governmental buildings look like Roman buildings?
Why were the dignitaries at Yalta always seated in photographs?
Why was Canada chosen to host the Common Wealth Air Training Plan?
Why does the government call it red tape?
Why were attempts at rail road regulation often unsuccessful?
Why did slavery increase in the 1500s?
Why is Mission Nuestra de la Soledad famous?
Why were wigs warn in the Parliament?
Why did teachers think Charles Darwin was not smart?
Why were there so many zombies out today?
Why is the recall law used?
Why is Great Britain against religion in politics but Americans almost require it?
Why do people blame firearms rather than the shooter?
Why is Anapai bay called Anapai bay?
Why has Russian Communism failed but not the Chinese Communist model which will soon become the second largest economy in the world?
Why were African enslaved?
Why is language always involved in processes of ethnic identity even if it is not necessarily its major marker?
Why is the US concerned with the unrest in this region?
Why did the US expand in the 19th century?
Why is jfk important to history?
Why were county seats established in the south?
Why was the 18th amendment repealed by the 21st amendment in 1933?
Why was the capital moved from its original location?
Why did Rodney MacDonald join politics?
Why were the relation between France and the US poor during 1790s?
Why do blacks support this country?
Why cant war be avoided?
Why did many factories in wales close in the 1900s?
Why did Britain emerge from the Napoleonic wars without economic plummet like the other European countries?
Why is ubiquity of politics practiced everywhere?
Why was maximilien robespierre the reign of terror?
Why did the US not intervene in Argentina?
Why did the puritans found Massachusetts bay?
Why did Mary Ludwig Hays not have an education?
Why is the city called Constantinople?
Why was the declaration of independence based on the writings of the enlightenment thinkers?
Why did blood rush out of R Budd Dwyers nose after he suicided?
Why was water needed in the Goldfields?
Why did slavery develope in America?
Why did David koresh do it?
Why is the southern bay of cuba called the bay of pigs?
Why does the US have two major parties?
Why is the future a better place?
Why do you think that the US government has paid so much attention to conditions in places like Bosnia Albania and Chechyna?
Why is Jerusalam sacred to each?
Why cant people do what is right in their own eyes?
Why does everything happen at 15?
Why was chichen itza built where it was?
Why are tattoos and piercings stereotyped?
Why are immigrants important?
Why did France and Spain need an alliance in the 16th century?
Why are there lots of sayings associated with the name jack?
Why do nations pursue self determination?
Why did slavery stop in ancient rome?
Why is the US trade deficit crucial for other countries well being?
Why would a strong Soviet presence in Latin America make the US uneasy?
Why should you like Australia?
Why did russia abolish life imprisonment laws?
Why did so many polish people stay in the UK whilst many eastern europeans returned home?
Why was peter fidler important to the history of Alberta?
Why should you remember Peter the 1st?
Why do you see lines after looking at light?
Why did the birminham church bomb?
Why are hunting and gathering societies the most egalitarian of all types of societies?
Why do you need religion to understand civilization?
Why did little turtle attack general harmer?
Why do people get their belly pierced?
Why did baby bash select the career they did?
Why was the US Treasury position created?
Why has Elizabith1 received puplic recognition for her work?
Why do tsunamis happen after a earthquake?
Why were you protesting against the Vietnam war?
Why did congress create independent agencies in the executive branch?
Why did djing start?
Why was Germany hated by Wen mar Republic?
Why was the fugitive or perburuan banned in Indonesia and what communist content does it have?
Why is worcester mass known as wormtown?
Why was church so important to the people of new France?
Why dont we need religion in our lives?
Why is government important for people to live together peacefully?
Why do forest cover most of the region of the northeast?
Why did ayatollah khomeini hate the United states?
Why was Daniel o connell opposed to violence?
Why is metacommunication important?
Why does everyone think the mafia was Italian when in fact the mafia is Jewish controlled?
Why is the study of Mt Vesuvius important to the study of civilizations?
Why were there no immigrants in 1940?
Why did Ivan Vranetic help Jews?
Why did liberals become unpopular?
Why do American business get 5000 when they hire immigrants?
Why do Zionists hide behind the Jew label?
Why is Santa Claus folklore?
Why was the Persians diffrent?
Why was the election of 1855 corrupt in kansas?
Why does the Britain not to lose India?
Why do young people attract so much critical attention?
Why would king have been upset about the public reaction to his death?
Why did Dr bernardo want to help?
Why are minorities less accepted?
Why was Teddy Roosevelt interested in politics?
Why should you visit Alabama?
Why are Americans rich?
Why is the analects a good soure of information of confuius?
Why should the deadly sins be just seven?
Why did Hitler send people to death camps?
Why is Dorthy Heights famous?
Why is peter mackay significant to Canada?
Why did a raisen in the sun author have a great impact on popular culures?
Why do institutions matter?
Why was Fred hollows a rebel?
Why is rural poverty usually unobserved?
Why did they invent the computers?
Why does it make sense that Constantinople would become a grand and busy city?
Why do they called talban?
Why was the study of history so important to the Romans?
Why was cupid chastised?
Why did they call the north Yankees?
Why is my nickname so iMportant?
Why is Emiliano Zapata still influential in political culture?
Why is nationalizing industry bad for rapid development?
Why are role models considered leaders?
Why did jenny shipley enter politics?
Why did the discoveries and inventions of Hellenistic scientists have so little impact on their world?
Why would it be bad to riot?
Why is pick n pay a public company?
Why did Texas not join in the US in 1836?
Why do desire to be an animator?
Why did sharecroppinginitially look like a good idea for both land owner and share cropper?
Why is it useful to recored seismic waves with a seismograth?
Why is it useful to record seismic waves with a seismograph?
Why was Tom Johnson in Ohio?
Why did peaople wanted to be lake Robert Marion La Follette?
Why does joely take steven to the dungeon instead of steep rock?
Why have the franch gone to Mexico?
Why did people give offerings to the gods?
Why did people identify themselves by their states before the American Civil War and after it they identified themselves as Americans?
Why is that in some cultures people do not buy their food?
Why are you asking me?
Why is it difficult to interpret recent history and current events?
Why did the Englishmen come to the new world?
Why was the mission of san gabriel build?
Why was zarathushtra so important?
Why did people get one last cigerette before they died?
Why was Virgil chosen to lead Dante through hell?
Why did europeans seek security so much in the twentieth century?
Why are Protestants more likely to believe in witches than Catholics?
Why are africans skin darker?
Why is politics not important?
Why were European countries looking to explore?
Why was Mycenae called the golden city?
Why does heroisom play a big roll in culture?
Why do people enjoy visiting the national cathedral?
Why is the gun of arquebus called hook?
Why are urban places ranked?
Why is science considered a better way to gain knowledge than personal experience alone?
Why is clarity and politics important?
Why were missionaries used?
Why did Thomas Alva Edison make the electric light bulb?
Why does the government have less power than the federal government?
Why were conditions in town and cities so bad in 19th century Britain?
Why did Mohandas Gandhi lead a march to the sea in 1930?
Why does Rousseau say the people cannot govern themselves without rulers?
Why did immigrants are in America?
Why does bill Wallace like to write?
Why may an oral history provide different information than a written account of the same event?
Why is chines dancing so important?
Why is patriotism still important?
Why was bobko only mayor one year 1961 in parma Ohio?
Why is your name Ronchorito?
Why did Hughes use the symbolism of the river?
Why did monarchs paint pictures of themselves?
Why did Hitler constantly wear a trench coat and not any other type of coat?
Why is bushey oxhey called bushey oxhey?
Why was Adolf Hitler so horrible?
Why are women seen as a minority in the US?
Why does society as a whole suffer if individuals do not carry out their responsibilities of citizenship?
Why did president Johnson take office?
Why is Carrie Chapman catt become famous?
Why was Maximillien Robespierre important in French history?
Why is bob marly so horny?
Why did urban and rural communal living fail in the counterculture?
Why do you remember bad events?
Why didnt Spain take better control of the Americas after the treaty of tordesillas in 1494?
Why was education important to your forefathers?
Why did Senator Joseph McCarty become widley known during the 1950s?
Why did Diocletian divided Roman empire?
Why did some planters beat raped and murdered their slaves because?
Why did rigoberta menchu get the noble peacemaking medal?
Why were business leaders such as John D Rockefeller called robber baron?
Why is Joan van der Capellen tot den Pol important?
Why is equality between and men and woman important?
Why do the states write there own constitutions?
Why did men use to get ribs removed?
Why do you need a fair government?
Why are there few minority groups living in Poland?
Why would home office turn down a visa?
Why do people hate athiests?
Why did africans immigrate?
Why do Harley rider wear black?
Why is Kansas nicknamed the sunflower state?
Why were inhabitants of Tristan de cunha evacuated in circa 1960s?
Why were the people of Tristan de cunha evacuated in the 1950 60?
Why is barrack obama the first black president?
Why did kara mustafa send ibrahim pasha back to buda?
Why do some people live in poverty?
Why was the rose window built at san Jose mission?
Why does DC have a greek architecual look?
Why do people call Obama the first black president of the US I say he is only half black and not the full blood black man that it would take to be called the first black President of the USA right?
Why were industry leaders knows as captains of industries and robber barons?
Why is there so much disagreement over the Reichstag Fire?
Why might it be argued that the kindred associated with bilateral kinship does not form as strong a functional group as does a descent group?
Why did Britain depend on colonial trade for many resources?
Why are transformers nessasery?
Why has oligarchy government been used?
Why do representatives specialize in a few issues?
Why was aximilien robespierre so cruel?
Why was the US isolationists after World War 1?
Why was Montesquieu an important figure?
Why do highwaymen rob carts and not people?
Why did the dentente policy unravel in 1997?
Why have recent presidents used this provision and how many times has it been used?
Why did the steel change the face of the nation at the turn of the last century?
Why is a A flag flown at half mast?
Why did they make 13?
Why did it take 72 years after the Seneca Falls conference in 1848 for women to gain the right to vote?
Why is Clinton called bill when he should be called will?
Why did patriots think taxes are bad?
Why did the constifufional convention originaly begin meeting?
Why did the failed bay of pigs invasion cause Latin American countries to lose trust in the US?
Why was Yorktown important to history?
Why did Lincoln enter politics?
Why does a government need revenue?
Why would a true Socialist economy not work in the US?
Why does osama bin ladan hate the US?
Why did the fight start in scene 1?
Why did Anna Bligh join politics?
Why is the liberation tower important?
Why is Jacques piccard and don Walsh famouse?
Why was Virgil important to Rome?
Why are political parties not as stong as they once were?
Why did the europeans control cameroon?
Why are pedaphiles male?
Why are compromises an important part of politics?
Why do most white people age really fast and have thin lips?
Why do some people hate Columbus and like him?
Why is it when a particular type of fish rise it becomes less value?
Why is it known as the black bean incident?
Why was eisenhower forced to respond to the incident of little rock?
Why can you see your face in a mirror or a still pool but not a cardboard box?
Why was William Mulholland important to Ca history?
Why is it important for us to recognize that all of us are global citizens?
Why does the democratic administration keep breaking the law and no one really does anything about it?
Why is it important to remember the history of a place?
Why did Matthew Hopkins want to be a witch hunter?
Why is Beijing a historically good place to live?
Why did Sparta have an oligarchy?
Why did the egyptiens marry so young?
Why is obeying laws are important?
Why did Reagan fire the ATC?
Why should judiciary be independent?
Why is Nationalism popular in some Countries?
Why do so many people believe in prophets and religion when they are not descendant from these families?
Why did the slave trade lead to underdevelopment in Africa and develpment in Europe?
Why do venture capitalist supply money and other support to entrepreneurs?
Why should people take the train and not the stagecoach?
Why were there so many coal mines in wales?
Why did John De Courcy end up losing his power over Ulster and his money?
Why were directive principles of state policy developed?
Why is The Work of Physicist Never Be Finished?
Why do old homes have porcelain cats on the outside walls of their homes?
Why are the English so cool?
Why is it important know history?
Why is knowledge of where your people come from important to identity?
Why do African acacia trees have flat tops?
Why is Ichabod Nichols famous?
Why did South Africa gained independence?
Why are oil politics in the Middle East?
Why do loggers put boulders on tree stumps randomly about the area they are clearing?
Why is george bush being blamed for the oil spill?
Why do people abide the law?
Why did the settlers of New York city settle in New York?
Why was the constitutional crisis so controversial?
Why did Egyptians put mummies in coffins?
Why is Andrew thomas cool?
Why do you have more laws today?
Why did south Africa become part of the british empire?
Why might afghanis have been willing to accept taliban rule 1998?
Why is it that philosophy is considered as a science of being?
Why are people naturally hospitable?
Why did the anzacs go to Greece in world war 2 i am also looking for any information on the forgotten anzacs and any other information on them in Greece in world war 2?
Why is family considered as a unique institution?
Why do so many people vote against their own economic interests?
Why is good reading a key ingredient in learning to write in English?
Why is spaceship 2 important to history?
Why are only people from the US considered Americans?
Why was the direct primary system established?
Why did the revolutionary war take so long and how did this affect development of the first us government the articles of confederationspecific historical details?
Why does Parliament house look down on the war memorial?
Why did many of the south Europeans migrate to the south?
Why is the brontes building important?
Why are the higher criticis wrong?
Why are tasadays considered hoax?
Why were the Big Four famous in San Francisco?
Why do you have to know the worth of a man?
Why do you need to study hospitality studies?
Why do you need to study the Philippine politics?
Why did the dalmatians leave Dalmatia?
Why are union import in society?
Why do navy seamen wear stripes on one arm?
Why do you think Joseph McCarthy retained creditability with the American people even though he never made public this list of Communists working in the State Department?
Why is human cultures all over the world are never static but dynamic and why are there cultural changes in Nigeria discuss?
Why did nationalism cause people to rebel in the nineteenth century?
Why was calling vv shirwadkar as kusumagraj?
Why do many people think America and china will attack each other?
Why does Stonehenge cause hippies to get angry?
Why are there so many people dying?
Why were over half of the vehicles on the road in California from the bay to the central valley have their daylight headlights on?
Why have certain aspects not changed in your society over time?
Why is israel in the EM in Barselona?
Why did Westerners not manage to convert the Japanese to Christianity?
Why were Christian missionaries from Europe unable to convert the Japanese and Chinese?
Why did a woman stuff a potato in a mans face in 1332?
Why did Lindsay lohon go to jail?
Why is the songMajulah Singaporesung in 1959?
Why did the banko cetral ng filipinas not produce a lot of peso?
Why did the scientific revolution change the way scientist proved their idea?
Why did the friendly Filipinos eventually turn against them?
Why was the salt march a turning point?
Why were most election reforms during the progressive era legislated by state governments and not by federal government?
Why do women seek approval from other men?
Why did it take a long time for anyone to do what leeuwenhoek did?
Why are there so many people called Smith in Scottland?
Why do history textbooks leave out issues of social and economic equality?
Why did Kevin Rudd chose politics?
Why did the wealthy back up Mussolini?
Why are democrats in the us government supporting radical Islamic mosques in the US?
Why did the education element in Ghana voilently oppose it?
Why is panama a very important country globally?
Why is Islamic slaughtered animals called halal a brutal and barbaric way to kill them?
Why does peta not speak out about Muslims in Islamic nations and there brutal slaughter of animals called halal?
Why is the stone a medium of immortality of egyp?
Why are the Bhutanese people residing in Nepal as refugees?
Why were hueguenots important?
Why is it impotant to understand antomical position?
Why cant a person live on a canyon?
Why is fertillser illegal in China?
Why are giraffes called Rothschild?
Why did the southerners feel that their way of life was under attack?
Why did people go to Reno for divorce?
Why do you need stone and wood to survive?
Why are stores in new york open late on Thursday?
Why was federal government introduced in USA?
Why did some immigrants turn to crime?
Why would the clan back in the Scoltand be sad to not have a piper?
Why did the American work force grow in the late 1800?
Why were the cinema television and radio so popular in America in 1949?
Why is astrology important to the society?
Why are tulips grown in Dutch?
Why did the republicans and democrat chang sides on slavery?
Why do geographers study history?
Why did oligarchy decline when it became powerful?
Why is Macrobiotic diet so important?
Why is cartography imporent?
Why were the people of the Northwest not nomads?
Why is being informed a responsibilite?
Why did Fredrick aunt get beat?
Why do some people want representation to be based on population?
Why do politics run courtys?
Why do you divide history into periods answer briefly?
Why is redstributive policy important?
Why are governments setup?
Why was Stalin a good leader but an evil dicator to human rights?
Why was the cultivation of regular food sources one of the most decisive achievements in history?
Why were the Quakers seen as radicals?
Why did Rizal and his fellow passengers plays under quarantine?
Why do we make maps?
Why is awareness of the purpose of govenment to create a new country?
Why do cartographers study movement?
Why are all members of American society considered immigrants?
Why would someone become a loyalist?
Why is aesthetic necessary to society?
Why was the parliament in 1700s important?
Why is the 2010 Gubernatorial Race important?
Why was cot grave called cot grave?
Why is it imortant to study history?
Why would wages for labor be higher in pensylvania than in England?
Why is it important to study English from a Christian perspective?
Why did America come into world war 2?
Why is diversity important in your lives?
Why does Scotland compete separate from the UK in Commonwealth games but not the Olympics?
Why do some stepfathers abuse only one of their children?
Why was the concept of oligarchy created?
Why did Germany want sudetenland?
Why did historians dispute over the role of law introduced by people?
Why is it important that people study history?
Why have some claimed that John McCain is constitutionally ineligible to be president?
Why does politics exists?
Why was social class important why did it matter?
Why do you think darius supported the spread of zoroastrianism throughout the Persian impire?
Why was the Great Depression called the great leveler?
Why did Parliament force the monarch to sign the Petition of Rights?
Why does it seem as if equiano accepts his situation of being a slave and having to do work in the narritive of life of olaudah equiano?
Why is Maryland a southern colony?
Why was labor started?
Why did the MacDonalds fight the Cambells?
Why is the pledge important to every body?
Why did H J Heinz chose leamington for his Canadian plant?
Why did womens issues suddenly become so prominent in America?
Why do we need are government?
Why is important to maritime students the mathematics?
Why is conservative philosophy tolerated in the media?
Why was the great compormise significant?
Why is government an important part of history?
Why are globes so much money?
Why is it important to balance open minded and skepticism?
Why do many people in the South Texas plain work in farm industries?
Why is informal education found in many less industrialised societies?
Why would geography have prevented some of the Indians from duilding in stone?
Why did the varna exist?
Why is there a U in colour?
Why did pilgims travel?
Why is capetown important to nelson Mandela?
Why is it said that Gandhi considered his body as a thing to be experimented with?
Why does the US government allow book banning to continue?
Why do refugees come to live in nz?
Why was Pericles significant to history?
Why was Joseph John Thompson wanted?
Why does Karl Blossfeldt like using Curls?
Why is world history relevant?
Why was Texas divided into four regions?
Why did Canada leave the Colombo Plan?
Why are cave paintings so valuable?
Why did England and Ireland become one country?
Why do you divide up history?
Why did newspapers around the country carry stories about building the transcontinential railroad?
Why is it important for people to trade?
Why was Italy likely to attack from both land and sea?
Why is it difficult for women to get top positions?
Why is the use of evidence important in history?
Why are immigrants coming?
Why did Hispanic Heritoge started?
Why is prehistory divided into four eras?
Why cant Jackson classified as one of the Americas most brilliant military leaders?
Why did migrants head west in the 1840s and 1850s?
Why was tutu carmoon so famous?
Why do different sources tell different years of Birth for Agatha Christie?
Why is precision measurment necessary?
Why is joan beaz famous?
Why is it importan for rules to be fair?
Why was the mediterranian a good place to live?
Why is the proposition111 important?
Why does coronado send a group on this mission?
Why do historians study world history?
Why is collective action necessary for democracy?
Why do things vanish?
Why is Gail Simone important in history?
Why did you want to become independent?
Why should you store your bag and books away from work in a science lab?
Why does society have violence against women?
Why is it entitled laarni a dream?
Why was ancient democracy replaced in later years?
Why were high tariffs a factor of industrialization in the us?
Why did the colonists not have a say in parliament?
Why did sparcist revolt fail?
Why was timbuktu very rich?
Why is social interaction considered as the basis of life?
Why do people or nations feel Buddhism is the best?
Why do teddy boys hate immigrants in Britain?
Why were some colonies small and others were large?
Why was paying for the war hard for the Continental Congress?
Why did industrialization grow in the north?
Why was the northwest ordinance considered significant?
Why is Indian constitution partly rigid and partly flexible?
Why is National Honor Society good?
Why is there no African explorers?
Why have Canadians built their major highways east to west in the southern part of the country?
Why is there so much fighting between religious groups?
Why did people learn how to make clothes and build after migrating out of Africa?
Why were the eight features of civilization important?
Why should majorities rules minorities?
Why are human rights organiztionns worried about the taliban and what are some things they would like to change for the people in the country?
Why did early peopel work together?
Why is canoes a big part of your history?
Why is the constitution one of the legal basis of education?
Why is the world of plenty impossible?
Why do you go into history of anything?
Why did the government and public take a growing interest in measuring quality?
Why did The Irish supported the Democratic Party?
Why is black mamba called so?
Why was virgil wished to live in aeneid?
Why do men in old pictures sit not facing the camera?
Why did the labourer work hard?
Why did people moved from place to place in Indiana?
Why do people travel for history?
Why was Sacramento formed?
Why do many people tend to judge other cultures by standards of their own culture?
Why is frech rioting?
Why did Europeans decide to settle the area that became NC?
Why do they call west virgina a mountain state?
Why was the constitution called the glided trap?
Why was the triangle trade important?
Why did prehistoric people make paintinhgs and engravings in the wall?
Why did agricultural civilizations such as Babylon insist on harsh punishments for crimes?
Why were totempoles made?
Why might a community choose to forget a particular event in its history?
Why did Plato think philosopher kings should rule?
Why were pirates more democratic during piracy?
Why was the Suez canal so important for Britain trade?
Why did the they leave?
Why was new haven built where it is?
Why was the governments formed?
Why does seismic waves come from faults?
Why do people want to discontinue the penny?
Why does Snohomish County not do anything in a Missing Persons case?
Why do some people think Richard the 3d is innocent?
Why is agriculturen an important indurtry in the prarie plains in Oklahoma?
Why was prakrit used in mritchakatik?
Why is political science not ascience?
Why did he paint the las meninas?
Why did leeuwenhoek need to magnify things?
Why did the Indians come to SA?
Why is American History taught in schools?
Why did people mummify other people?
Why did more and more workers begin organizing in the late 1800s?
Why did Atahuapla order his troops to not fight the Spanish?
Why do you normally get over the flu after a few days?
Why did the congess of Vienna make the four changes in borders?
Why did UN came into existence?
Why did the first philosophers appear?
Why might one consider language the dominant differentiation element of culture separating societies?
Why were Assyrian women unlikely to rise to positions of political power?
Why does Christianity tend to grow in times of conflict?
Why should you look beyond immediate events and what often appears to be the obvious?
Why did the founding fathers think that the divine providence was helping their problems with the Revolutionary War?
Why do you think pamphlets were popular?
Why was Mexico willing to let people come in from the US?
Why was the battle of Saratoga so important to the colonist?
Why is barnard bee famous?
Why was Asian immigrants were treated worst than other immigrants?
Why is there such thing as a government?
Why did you say iceberg dangerous?
Why is FEMA flooding Sabina Ohio?
Why do people in poor countries continue to move to cities even though the cities are overcrowded?
Why do some people think its cool to carry guns and be a criminal?
Why did Kit Carson make history?
Why were natives targeted for assimulaion?
Why did the hutus not use guns?
Why do men dominate in politics?
Why was the invotation of irrigatoin so mportant?
Why did they sign the decleration of idependence?
Why did Smith support Iaissez faire?
Why are other countries funding American political campaigns?
Why did the europian industrialists encourage their governments to colonize African countries?
Why does the industrialization process have an influence on the social development of societes?
Why do people settle in coastal areas?
Why is population is important to a civilizations?
Why did colinists in the Americas often build their homes near bodies of water?
Why has gold desired people around the world?
Why did congress refuse to stand up for the rights of the freedmen?
Why is philedelphia important to the US?
Why did Congress want to to make a kinship with the English people?
Why are the proles allowed so much freedom?
Why was there a need for new markets during the imperialism movement?
Why did constantinople finally fall in the year 1453ad?
Why was Al biruni famous?
Why was john Locke a radical?
Why is it necessary for voters to evaluate political campaigns?
Why were indurstrialist views as both Robboer Barron and Captian of Industry?
Why did George Read not want the bill of rights?
Why do they call Republicans reds?
Why was Yorktown a key moment in the war of independence?
Why does the church includes in politics?
Why did Brendan the Bold decide to embark this incredible journey?
Why did Palastine become the center of conflict after World War 2?
Why do governments in capitalist societies often step in to ensure competition?
Why is going back on the gold standard such a problem for Britain?
Why did ministers like Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson become politically active?
Why were the people in Srebrenica attacked by the Serbs?
Why was unity a challenge for Iroquois during the 18th century?
Why did America wanted to trade with the belligerents?
Why were the new states fearfull of creating a strong centeral government?
Why does the underworld symbolizes death and sacrifice?
Why do people protest about politics?
Why was the machine gun important?
Why did the sink?
Why would fascism become popular?
Why is Yorktown important to are history?
Why is it historically important in us history?
Why did Muhammad depar?
Why does Virgil use extensive similes in his work?
Why was oraibi so important to the hopi?
Why did it take 335 years for the Spaniards to rule the Philippines?
Why is kiva important to history?
Why is politics imperative amidts issues of corruption poverty ad social ills?
Why are popes chosen?
Why do you think people of the ceramic period lived in Maine?
Why did people even buy opuim?
Why do governments have propaganda?
Why was oil so important back then?
Why did the pilgims want to leave to Europe?
Why did the Populist Party support the secret ballot?
Why is Caribbean unity so important?
Why was the olmec society called a mother culture?
Why was the railroad so important to the development of new towns and cities?
Why did these two burgs seem oceans apart between the Douglas folks and the Council?
Why is the karnak shelters special?
Why is Sudan part of united nations?
Why did the clay make the setup balance again?
Why do you think the people of the eastern woodlands made many different types of food?
Why do monks wear a rope with 3 knots?
Why is Carrie Chapman Catt famous?
Why were Samuel Adams and John Hancock under arrest?
Why did the peasant get mad with nicholas the second?
Why were californios pollitically unimportant?
Why is trade big in mecca?
Why were the Incas always naked?
Why is Marie beuzeville so important in France history?
Why is Albany in WA so important?
Why do the sabines matter?
Why did Timbuktu become a trading city?
Why were suffragette posters produced?
Why does the US Have ethnic diversity?
Why was the prince considered as the most maligned book in literature?
Why is water transportation important?
Why was prohibiton created?
Why is Magellan remembered in history?
Why did Antonia Noella become general surgeon?
Why did Jesus challenge the pious leaders?
Why was new Babylon important?
Why was the king brought after Cromwell died?
Why did Hartford convention have a long term significance?
Why did England need the Board of Trade?
Why is WWI important to the American history?
Why do some people think Mary mckillop should be made a saint?
Why should people come to America?
Why is pigtown important special?
Why did people hate the ancient samaritans?
Why did the leaders want to keep the enlightenment ideas from spreading?
Why is the airport located in Christ Church in Barbados?
Why was the extended family important to West African village life?
Why was religion important in Salem village?
Why is human rights important in the Caribbean?
Why was the constitution written in fancy writing?
Why did guiseppe fiorelli insist on carefully removing the objects that were found?
Why is pancho gonzalez so important?
Why was batholomeo dias important to the portuguese exploration?
Why did John Locke is memorable in world history?
Why was the reality of the feudal hierarchy not so simple?
Why did American observers find the early English factory system objectionable?
Why does Plato think that the guardians should share all of their goods in common?
Why were finger prints used in the united state?
Why should Kenyans be autonomous in education?
Why does Locke make a distinction between slavery and drudgery?
Why did Constantine III die?
Why were many Americans against us bank?
Why did Robert Morris say he favored the latter?
Why did Augustine become a favorite theologian of the sixteenth century Protestant reformers?
Why did thomas Jefferson change the first line of the declaration?
Why is the environment more influential than heredity in human development?
Why was the assembly line so important in 1920?
Why did trade become the most important part of the greek econonomy?
Why do you think Bismarck Methods were justified by his social reforms?
Why was carlorus linnaeus classification considered over aristotles classification?
Why were kwame Nkrumah politics criticized?
Why did countries fight for independence?
Why was it important for thedeclaration of independents?
Why did the planters prevented the slaves from aquring land?
Why did sir syed advise Muslims to avoid politics?
Why were the Portuguese so successful in China?
Why does proctor initially agreed to sign the confession?
Why did nationalist feelings begin in Europe?
Why is 15 called fifteen?
Why does Hester Prynne employ much of her time in doing needlework?
Why were the commitees of observation formed?
Why was the Receptive so importanat in history?
Why are the African origins of civilizations often ignored?
Why did the framers agree to inclued the Bill of Rights in tothe Constisution?
Why did the NKVD change to the KGB?
Why was is important for the french and the English to colonize?
Why was King John of England mentioned in world History?
Why did early people in Ohio trade?
Why was Jonathan goforth important?
Why is the infantry so called?
Why is education a privilege not a right?
Why do some Jews give up their last possesions without protest?
Why is charlemange important in history?
Why did lorenzo valla think of politics?
Why did Hannibal become ruler?
Why do you think teachers assign the article body ritual among the nacirema?
Why are there 2 leaders for the senate?
Why was the reign of Hatsheput important?
Why is smallpox being held in laboratories?
Why is it important to have a government?
Why do different governments exist?
Why could industrial changes be said to change the map of the US?
Why did British officials want to slow migration out of cities?
Why did Japan develop a very different culture from people in other parts in Asia?
Why were politics during the Gilded Age?
Why is Modernisation theory believed to be effective for the third world countries?
Why did authoritarian rule fail?
Why did they start the Seven Years War?
Why is there concern that the future islands might be threatened?
Why were the colonies of Maryland and Georgia created?
Why is west Memphis important to the US?
Why is the gender debate important to history?
Why is the telograph important to us today?
Why did Jonathan wild treat his offenders so bad?
Why is Pompeii considered to be such an important historical site?
Why were laws against smuggling hard to enforce?
Why did the republican party begin to lose power?
Why did the Federal trade commission get involed with Microsoft?
Why did the worlds first cities develope around river systems?
Why did women suffer in the gilded age?
Why was sir Robert peel so popular?
Why is the Mexican government interested in helping farmers?
Why is it wrong to invade or annex other countries to help your people to survive when your people are your only responsibility?
Why are Barbary pirates significant?
Why did Jesuits burn down sault ste Marie among the hurons?
Why do families migrate from where they live to another country?
Why were sentiments expressed in the Declaration and resolutions revolutionary?
Why are gays banned in the military?
Why did rural America have reason to be concerned about the course of events in the US during the 1920?
Why does the government regulate some of the businesssystems in your country?
Why did the people join the crusaders?
Why did Brian Mulroney enter politics?
Why did the lattimeer massacre start?
Why do people migrate from California to Iran?
Why do you think no one was able to decode meroitic?
Why is the masonic important to Mexican history?
Why is Yorktown important to American history?
Why were stories of the Panchatandra written?
Why did the people react like this for the sugar act?
Why did peasants attach socialists during Feb days 1848?
Why do you have county governments?
Why was the chipko movement set up?
Why is divided government better than unified government?
Why did haig use bad weapons?
Why do some people claim that it is the people who control the media who are really in power in a democracy?
Why did Constantinopla and Roma fight?
Why is it said that Germany is made out of blood and iron?
Why are textiles important?
Why should not heritage buildings be altered?
Why were the Bantu migrations important part African history?
Why do people remember John Bosco?
Why do you study philosophy of social sciences?
Why is Creon cruel?
Why were privateers important?
Why did the patronage split the republican party in the Hayes administration?
Why was democracy in America written?
Why is multiculturalism apparent in the Southwestern US?
Why is burning man significant?
Why does twain decide to leave st Louis after only a brief stay?
Why were critics and reformers against the popes in France?
Why did the middle passage cause so many deaths?
Why did railroad owners create rebates?
Why would Charlemagne welcome the help of the church?
Why did Emerson write the poem in what year did he write it?
Why is alternating current used by many countries?
Why are festivals important for small communities?
Why do people value god?
Why was lupu bridge build?
Why did aphrodite save aenas from the hands of diomedes?
Why do study social science?
Why do you think gandhi dedicated his life to achevieng freedom?
Why is it bad to go to kaputas cove and beach in turkey?
Why was inus valley civilisation also known as harappan civilisation?
Why did the October Russian Revolution happen when it did?
Why does Canada have laws?
Why does Hauss argue that the EU is not a state?
Why has English been the language for years in the us?
Why did mohamed make treaties with nomadic tribes?
Why was tom mboya street named after him?
Why were railways unpopular in the Victorian times?
Why did Thomas Malthus believe his theory?
Why was a bastion needed by the colonist?
Why did workers struck?
Why is cultral assimalation a bad thing?
Why did Akhenatens advisors take control?
Why did the hittites migarte in places?
Why did massachusits farmers rebel against their state legislater?
Why did the artists of accient Egypt record details of everyday life?
Why were the highest priest only allowed in the holy of holies once a year?
Why was the luddites angry?
Why is most of the Minoan history unknown?
Why is Quincy important in us history?
Why is british using unwritten constitution?
Why is politics important to social studies?
Why are there more bank holidays in Germany than England?
Why did sam Houston win the election of 1836 with 80 percent of the vote?
Why do the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum provide such an accurate picture of Roman life as it was almost 2000 years ago?
Why is Europe commonly split into 2 regions?
Why was francis marison famous for?
Why are the choices which the voters have to make in the election?
Why did the Indians come to new zealand?
Why do people prefer fair skin and sexy body?
Why does Wallace see himself in agreement with the founders of the American Constitution?
Why did Seyyid Said move his capital from Muscat to Zanzibar?
Why did Kahn return to Mongolia after each campaign?
Why do black people shout in church?
Why are the mongols important to Russian history?
Why did you want to serve in the war?
Why did he want them taxed?
Why are elections necesary?
Why is an oligarchy considered to be an outdated form of government?
Why was Gandhi so critical to the social movement?
Why was amendment 4 written?
Why do you think governments are usually located in cities?
Why is the discovery of Pompeii important?
Why are there so many movies glorifying idiot behavior today?
Why are so many kids dropping out in ninth grade?
Why does Galileo see a difference between the text of scripture and the knowledge of nature achieved through the senses?
Why did Daniel Webste r oppose slavery?
Why does man needs to be morally or ethically responsible?
Why do mental health workers show so little concern for their clients?
Why is it that whites think blacks should be like them when they have none of the things whites have?
Why is it so hard for whites to believe in something greater than themselves?
Why are republicans so hateful to Obama?
Why were Democrats so hateful to George W Bush?
Why are republicans trying to repeal health care?
Why are so many teachers resistant to change?
Why do you think you are better than anyone else?
Why did explorers want to find new trade routes?
Why was William more important than the church in 1066?
Why did mercantilism make the colonist mad?
Why did the franc fail?
Why is some reasons that you would like being an American?
Why does denmark have a high natural increase rate?
Why did people explor?
Why did hey think poseiden was important?
Why is the civil body politic necessary?
Why did russia attack Iraq?
Why did Petrarch write to Cicero even though he was dead?
Why were protestants not welcome?
Why were some industrialists called robber barons?
Why did an increase in cotton production mean an increase in slavery?
Why are people of colour especially susceptible to experiencing social exclusion?
Why did nativists dislike the new immigrants?
Why did the pawnee get their food taken?
Why would you wanna travel to Stonehenge?
Why would people in developing countries be particularly likely to be interested in small jobs?
Why was tenochtitlan targeted?
Why should Remembrance Day be celebrated?
Why did Hellenistic doctors increased their knowledge?
Why did women grow more bitter by the 1960s?
Why is there different types of govs?
Why did you join the the armed forces?
Why is it impossible to achieve objectivity when carrying out qualitative research?
Why did social darwinists argue that America should expand its power overseas?
Why is studying history is important?
Why is history belongs to social science?
Why was khilafat movement 1900 started?
Why did the government form in morocco?
Why did the janissaries refuse to use modern weapons?
Why was the reason Ricardo Montalban came to the US?
Why did the VA company make rules?
Why did colonist need treaty?
Why is mathematic important to become a scenecetist?
Why are there not many nativeamericans today?
Why is there different governments?
Why was the bow street runners created?
Why is this location important in history?
Why are flags sometimes flown at half staff?
Why was the four field system successful?
Why is this website so hard to get an answer?
Why do people protect soldiers?
Why do you consider slavery system as bad system?
Why would men play girls in the globe?
Why did yamasita decided to put the treasures in the Philippines?
Why was Euclid coined a Greek?
Why was John Tyler not nominated by the Whig party in 1844?
Why are humans effected by the media?
Why did the policy of salutary have a bad effect on the colonists respect for authority?
Why would god work through pharaoh?
Why have historians paid little attention to African history?
Why was Berlin such an important area for US and USSR?
Why did St Louis fail?
Why did the federal government pursue a policy of Indian removals?
Why did the Greeks believe that slavery was necessary?
Why did Transcendentalists write?
Why did the recession occur in 1937?
Why was 1776 film made?
Why did the children have to work in the Victorian age?
Why did Amelia get sent away to her grand ma?
Why was it so important that Fernando cecil done his work?
Why should the size of the national debt be a concern to all Americans?
Why was the South called Antebellum?
Why was the Cumberland Plateau late in becoming settled?
Why wasting time wastes all other human resources?
Why did xerxes wait four days to attack at thermopylae?
Why is Saltaire called Saltaire?
Why is there controversy between the Sunni and shiite Muslims?
Why would traders find it helpful to tow cedar logs insted of storing them inside the ship?
Why was King Charles I viewed as a threat to English liberties?
Why did the us take over forts in Illinois?
Why does the government cut taxes for the wealthy?
Why did the british lost the American revoultionary war?
Why would a warrior cut off his braid and leave it with his woman?
Why is kathleen keynon famous?
Why do wee need to study history?
Why do you think that people want to remember the people who fought in the way?
Why did Texans distrust Mexicans?
Why are trade developed in the printing industry?
Why would a dirrect democracy not work as a system of government in most situations in the US?
Why did people from neatherland come here to Canada in 1850?
Why were western lands a problem for the new country?
Why have historians paid so little attention to African History?
Why was triangular trade called the cruelest trade?
Why did Robert de la salle come to France?
Why did the Russians want to over throw the romanvo family during World War 1?
Why would naval superiority be especially important to the English?
Why is republicanism important to the confederation?
Why does Lancelot fight Tarquire?
Why are the characteristics of civilization important?
Why did dante wrote this story?
Why is a synagogue so important to history?
Why did the banking controversy gain so much popular interest in the 1830?
Why is it important to learn thecustom of other people?
Why is the mach1 so important to history?
Why did Canada have a law that did not let asians immigrate to canadain the early XXe century?
Why did Whigs and Democrats take a stand on slavery?
Why are petrogylphs important?
Why did the cost of living increase immediately after the war?
Why did the umayyads build empires?
Why did they repeal the eight amendment?
Why did you go on both sides?
Why did FDR hire photographers to travel around the country photographing the depression?
Why is it essential to have a capital city?
Why did quin face little opposition during most of his religion?
Why did oligarchy decline in Greece?
Why is the American identity important to your society?
Why did president Jackson favor national nominating conventions?
Why is the house of burgess important in history?
Why didnt sophists like socrates?
Why did some colonists turn to slavery?
Why is federalsim important?
Why was there a coup in moscow in 1991?
Why is the electoral college opposed?
Why was franklins Albany plan ahead of its time?
Why were US and France able to remain democratic nations while others fell to radical dictators?
Why is there no school on the weekend?
Why did farmers of 1890 mortgage their land?
Why did people do the townshend acts?
Why is there earthquakes in the pacific coast becuzz im DUMB?
Why were the Netherlands important?
Why are historical maps useful in the study of history?
Why did they settle in Texas trade good with the people in the united state?
Why did freydis Eiriksdottir discover?
Why did the spanish authorities suspect about Philip nolan and peter Ellis bean?
Why was to open door policy important to the US?
Why are the Black hills sacred to the Lakota Sioux?
Why did Percy Bysshe Shelley write Ozymandias?
Why is virgil an appropriate symbol of human reason?
Why did Athena want vengeance on Odysseus?
Why was cholera a digestive disease to john snow?
Why are all politics be considered local?
Why is the alliance between Egypt and America not a true one?
Why does sport have a place in American culture during times of economic political or military conflict as occurred during the Revolutionary Era?
Why is it possible to span only a narrow space with stone?
Why was grimke sisters so important to the abolonist movement?
Why did Pyotr Kapitsa get a Nobel Prize?
Why were Greek clothes so comfy?
Why are the people in big cities more liberal?
Why was japans emperor respected for religious power?
Why do we have the news?
Why did THE kgb start?
Why does government have a n in it?
Why was gas dangerous as a form of lightening?
Why is Tasmania so fantastic?
Why is November 29Th important in Cuban history?
Why do you feel something watch us all the time?
Why would a man rape a woman?
Why did society push for children to get an education?
Why was virgil the poet of the gates?
Why doesnt this website know anything at all?
Why do blimps make a good advertisement tool?
Why was 1982 a significant year in history?
Why do rocks weather rapidly at high evelations?
Why do people wear blue?
Why was Columbus comforted when he saw the little birds?
Why was king mongkut important?
Why did zuckerberg dropped out?
Why might some Texans have wanted the second treaty of Velasco to be kept secret?
Why would the Greeks and Romans make up such stories as myths?
Why did the british adopt a cautious military strategy and what impact did it have?
Why is the dairy industry big in France?
Why did Edwards death create a problem?
Why did Mecca travel to Mecca?
Why did President Roosevelt name December 15 as Bill of Rights Day?
Why did they move thanksgiving back a week?
Why was the battle of bladensburg important?
Why is state government stronger than national government?
Why is the dome on the pantheon significant?
Why is someone who follows the laws a good citizen?
Why would Pittsburgh have enjoyed economy?
Why is judicial review a key feature of the US governmental system?
Why were spices such a valued commodity in Europe?
Why did the british want to occupy the coastal cities of the middle Atlantic?
Why did people first settle in Venice?
Why is the Rosetta stone part of history?
Why is womens history studied today?
Why was Parliament created?
Why was marshall twtichell attacked?
Why are the people of Sahel not able to make good use if all of their natural resources?
Why are critics so concerned about voters getting most of their information about candidates from television?
Why is the know nothing party important?
Why is the information on the internet so unreliable?
Why do ministers wear white collars?
Why is it important to learn our history and culture?
Why was the growth of slavery necessary for the growth of plantation?
Why is the dawes act still important today?
Why does the people except the lies from your government?
Why did Robert frost recite the poem the gift outright?
Why did nelson Mandela win a nobel prize award?
Why do some people call the Irish language Irish and some Celtic?
Why was workhouses feared by people?
Why did spartan mothers say either come back with your shield or on it?
Why was Harold unluky in the battle of haistings?
Why do you believe that man is egoism or altruism?
Why should secrets be kept secret?
Why does computer became useful tool in geography?
Why is everything controlled by the people in charge like government and also rules society as a whole places upon us if everyone is environmentally and genetically different is there even a middle?
Why is union of states word used in Indian constitution?
Why is history considered the mother of all sciences?
Why is Eusebio Kino important to history?
Why did the coureurs de bois do what they do?
Why did many Europeans want to immagrate to America?
Why did democratic and republican societies first form?
Why is proportional representation important?
Why do Americans celebrate stpactrics day?
Why was clarence earl gideon not released before his trial?
Why is the health of the economy attributed to the president?
Why was slavery needed for money?
Why was the seven cities important?
Why was there a sumerain king?
Why dont we need computers for todays education?
Why does the government redistribute income?
Why did anti imperalists believe that imperalism betrayed basic American principles?
Why did Avril Kim Campbell do politics?
Why does a banker to be optimistic?
Why was the roman army organised that way?
Why is the magna carta considered a source of traditional democratic principls?
Why were the political debates of the US so intense and violent?
Why did egytians put slate in mummys mouth?
Why is life expectancy rate for women higher than the men?
Why is Confucianism called the way of man?
Why were the purtains so intolerant and equality important to the settler of Pennsylvania?
Why did Confucianism decline during the period od disunion?
Why did Fred hartmam wonder?
Why was politics important to the renaissance people?
Why was slavery a good system for landowners?
Why did the first crusade played a very important role in the medieval England?
Why was Savannah Georgia not burned in the civil war?
Why did they create the mechanical computer?
Why is grendel a victim?
Why did slave get put over board?
Why is it important to work within your own sphere of competence?
Why did they cancel unnatural history?
Why did colonies benefit from mercantilian?
Why was disguised symbolism used in art?
Why is society not a government?
Why was Daniel d tompkins chosen as vice president?
Why did the South so strongly support the Democratic Party for many years?
Why was the first child of the phararoh the most important?
Why did leaders of the free black commiunity in chrlston sc pledged support for the ordinance of secession in December 1860?
Why does ceveceour love the colonies?
Why was Africa unable to defend itself against imperialism?
Why was kate sheppard a great leader?
Why did Whitney fail to pursue a law career?
Why is Doug Backet the most famous person in Europe?
Why is there an f before s in hornbooks?
Why is it important to know the history of your church?
Why was the grand army plaza built?
Why is it that literature is married to history?
Why do you think the Canadian and the American governments are so stable?
Why did the industrialists favor protective tariffs?
Why is it important for your country to keep the mill sector loomage lower than powerloom and handloom?
Why did the Loyalists stay with the British?
Why did jaja fled to minima village before finally eluding Boony in 1869?
Why did moses Austin go to the spanish land govermant to get land?
Why is Chicago the first city in American architecture?
Why is Jean Ribault important?
Why did the US government bring in prohibition?
Why was the slave trade necessary for African tribes in Mali?
Why do telegrams say STOP?
Why did the people leave after Rome fell?
Why did edward VI change in will?
Why did Richmond become the capital after williamsburg?
Why was it so important that there was one uniform written language in china?
Why is November 22nd so important in Mexico history?
Why were taxes implemented in the colonies?
Why might a confederation be inefficient?
Why did buddha leave his comfortable life for search of knowledge?
Why did some Victorian women avoid soap?
Why do you think the ownership of land became an increasing source of power for feudalism?
Why did oligarchies refuse change in latin America?
Why is the Appalachian regional commission so critical?
Why did segregation in US begin?
Why were some women allowed to haveposition of power in 14th centry?
Why didnt Italy industrialize as soon as France?
Why do people donate to poorer countries?
Why was the NARA built?
Why did Sparta think it was necessary to have an oligarchy government?
Why did the Shang lose support of their people?
Why do you think light bends the direction it does from air to water?
Why are your rights and responsibilities important?
Why did vaulunteerism fail?
Why did Ft Ticonderfa become important to Washingtons plan to take the city of Boston?
Why were vigilantes feared?
Why is police apart of government?
Why does Lohri exist?
Why did woman get to vote in western states first?
Why was slavery eventually stopped in America?
Why did some northerners apposed the war?
Why does it take so long for the police to arrest a person known to be selling meth?
Why is domestic ideology important to your understanding of the past?
Why is Manila the capital city?
Why would the people of Mexico want a limited government?
Why were the workers of leeds worried about their children?
Why is today a significant day in history?
Why was the Guano island Act of 1856 passed by the US Congress?
Why is the Franklin institute important in history?
Why is December 7 important in your history?
Why was the solar compass built?
Why did Hitler use the hollerith machine?
Why do the clouds go pink during the day?
Why did robespierre think that terror was necessary?
Why did fundamentolists in Tennessee pass a law about teaching science?
Why were people willing to kill and to die?
Why was the economy bad back in the colonial days?
Why did US end slavery after Britain?
Why is the vaquero important?
Why is it disruptive when students are talking in the hallways?
Why did Spain send out explores?
Why was the oracle also called delphic?
Why is the meaning of Sparta appropriate for the word?
Why is America a free state?
Why was there a need for pinatas?
Why did many people moved North to the indutrial cities during 1915 to 1930?
Why did the Netherlands leave America?
Why do you have to fallow the conscience all the tym?
Why do arichpelagos pose a challenge to countries?
Why does rizal have to go abroad?
Why did the rourans attack Wei?
Why did joan hesitate to attack the English at Orleans?
Why did slaveholders change the way in which they defended slavery?
Why did the second battle of Adrianople start?
Why are Americans passionate about politics?
Why did the English force the natives out of their homes?
Why do presidential candidates spend more time campaigning in states with higher populations?
Why did the reliance building need stairways when it already had elevators?
Why are artists sometimes called Bohemian?
Why was santa Anna wanted?
Why did immigrants live in communities with other immigrants from their same country?
Why did Benjamin Franklin represent Pennsylvania?
Why are people afraid to talk about racism?
Why are the incumbents successful of getting re elected?
Why did the north think slavery would fade?
Why should youth generation jion the politics information about Indian politics?
Why does Matthew C Perry visit japan in ww2?
Why do liberals beleve that the importance of liberty and equal rights?
Why did covert become integrated?
Why do you think people listen to and followed Hi?
Why did early men use sharpened sticks when farming?
Why is amistad famous?
Why is the mathematical word pi is so important?
Why was Mash and All In The Family often condemed by the religious right?
Why did Stephen f Austin take a trip to Mexico city?
Why did the Assyrians need to create a strong army?
Why did 14million people immigrate to America between 1860 and 1900?
Why were people willing to die with William B Travis?
Why was the deployment of Peace Corps Volunteers to New Orleans unusual?
Why was the power of federal government increased?
Why was tiger Williams banished from massachusets bay in 1636?
Why was the transcontinel railroad made?
Why is paraguay called the island surrounded by land?
Why is Neil Armstrong is an important agent of change?
Why was red put on the us flag?
Why was the sphinx red before?
Why is Boudicca important to history?
Why are almost all factory workers in Bangladesh women?
Why were scribes on strike?
Why do you study military history?
Why should you have gone to war in 1917?
Why did the allies attack Germans African colonies?
Why did the Lord Baltimore pass the Toleration Act?
Why was natchez established for Mississippi?
Why is hassidic judaism so relevant for modern times?
Why did japan begin limiting trade with Europe durning much of the 16th and 17th centuries?
Why were some Naive Americans dissatisfied with his law?
Why are the works of Livy considered to be s invaluable to historians?
Why did people look at the Bastille as a symbol of oppression?
Why was the admission of California in 1849 a controversial issue?
Why does hamaguchi not join the othere villagers who wer celebrating?
Why do you care about Apollo 13?
Why was the southern US divided when lemon Jefferson died?
Why was the main focus the manor house?
Why did japan want control of the nearby pacific islands?
Why did Mexico pass law ending slavery?
Why is the Somme heritage centre dedicated to the war in Britain?
Why is Plymouth important in American history?
Why do you belive that Stalin refused aid from the united stated?
Why did the America revolution started?
Why are history texbooks sugar coated?
Why do you wish to immigrant?
Why did you have the scopes trial and what are the issues?
Why was there a need for beef in the East?
Why did hunter gatherers not have permanent homes or dwellings?
Why do pennie keep using less copper than before?
Why did Thomas Hobbes believe that people needed to be governed by a ruler with absolute power?
Why was statement an improvement over barges?
Why do you have Human Rights Week?
Why will the heat from the water melt the chalk faster than room temp vinegar?
Why is London a multicultural city?
Why did France and England not recognize the south?
Why did Aristotle support the middle class as the location of power?
Why does toleration of differences make the us an attractive country to immigrants?
Why did Mississippi have little specie durning the war?
Why did the conflict arise between the british and the powhatans?
Why did rich people like the greek oligarchies?
Why was Versailles built where it is?
Why did certain colonies produce the certain amount of goods?
Why was Julius so important in history?
Why was rohad island fonded?
Why do all religions have something in common?
Why did the us support the mujahedeen?
Why did southern states like Mississippi secede from the union?
Why do analysts believe there is a resurgence of a more conservative version of Islam in recent years and what forms does this resurgence take?
Why did the US government drop Nicaragua as a canal sight?
Why was the cutter gaspee hated by the colonists of the 13 colonies?
Why does Canada use a points system regarding immigrants?
Why is the battles of saratoga important?
Why did Lincoln choose the union over slavery?
Why did some factory owners want to hire women instead of men in the early 1900s?
Why does people move to and from Chile?
Why are the Spain and the Portugal rivals?
Why did Mendeleev start new rows?
Why did most volunteers stay to defend the Alamo when they knew it meant almost certain death?
Why do parent teacher conference exist?
Why did cities and towns grow?
Why did the federalists allow the addition of the bill of rights to the constitution?
Why did our country split?
Why is the youths going to earn foreign currency from Nepal?
Why was Germany angered by the details of the treaty?
Why did the Egyptian civilization emerge?
Why did General Amos receive a Bronze Star in 2008?
Why might the government limit individual freedom?
Why do people observe mores?
Why was new york a natural location for a great city?
Why is rianna leavin you?
Why do the US provide foreign aid to Israel?
Why did the Union Congress feel that slaves should be emancipated?
Why was the republican party of 1854 significant?
Why did col ugartechea attack the texansat the battle of gonzales?
Why were most California goldrush settles young unmarried men?
Why is deism important is European history?
Why did Gandhi say that there are no untouchables here?
Why did Europeans want to gain control of the islands in southeast Asia?
Why did people made high wells in mohenjadaro?
Why was the new deal important to history?
Why is soil thrown over a coffin at an interment?
Why did Poland start cristmass?
Why did cities of the Midwest grown to such economic importance after 1860?
Why was slvery needed to the traders?
Why do the people live in Asia Europe andNorth America?
Why does cotton go from soft to hard?
Why was there no heating in the globe theater?
Why were some religious groups being killed during the reformations?
Why did nepoelon change his mind about the empire?
Why are images of panic and dependency accepted by people who are unfamiliar with the behavior in a disaster situation?
Why did the early civilizations of the Americas develop in such different ways?
Why did some of the people of Athens not have the right to vote?
Why were the two ordinances passed?
Why did a strong civilization develop in the Indus valley?
Why were postoffices constructed?
Why did slavery grow rapidly in Georgia?
Why was Blitz done to british citizen?
Why did all the military plans fail in 1914?
Why cant a monopolist dictate price?
Why was Lancaster moved and where did it move to?
Why is there lighting of the 18 candles in a debut party?
Why was the Irish flag outside the NYSE?
Why did they invent straighteners?
Why do women go out to night clubs in Detroit mi?
Why did Samwell Swells wife die in late 1600s?
Why did southern planters infrequently travel to towns to set their crops or to buy food and supplies?
Why did the framers believe that the people should not choose the president directly?
Why did people biuld pymird?
Why was amnesty international started?
Why do you study English at the center of the French language?
Why do Rich Republicans Suck?
Why was OJ Simpson so famous?
Why is Manchester a good example of how industrialization changed cities?
Why do so many Americans believe we live in a democracy when in fact we are a republic?
Why do you need judicaiary?
Why is the top floor of a condo called The Penthouse?
Why are Pakistani women not independent?
Why was there a gap between referendum 1980 and 1995?
Why did Asif Ali Zardari gave houses to many people in Karachi Pakistan?
Why is the study of life histories inspiring?
Why was British rule hated hated between 1757 and 1852?
Why was the brititian were hated in 1757 1852?
Why is the world silent when Pakistan imposes its barbaric and inhumane laws of blasphemy to prosecute innocent christians?
Why do Muslims expect to practice Islam in other countries while they persecute people who practice other religions in Islamic countries like Pakistan?
Why is the painting called Kindered Sprits?
Why would anyone save one bullet?
Why did the battle of Roundway start?
Why are so many Nine Elm Lanes never seven or eight?
Why is industrialization in the nineteenth century been described as a revolution?
Why did General Giap believe that the vietnamese could defeat the Americans even if they suffered greater casualties?
Why could the amount of electricity used be an indicator of how developed a nation is?
Why is cricket so important to India?
Why is obelisk important to history of a sundial?
Why did the Monglos encourage trade during there ruling?
Why was Britain so racised?
Why were men called al?
Why is it important that your country be united as opposed to being separated?
Why are parents better than teachers?
Why is in some places the first year of school is called kindergarten and in others it is called primary?
Why did the Regina riot happen?
Why did not get social security payment this month?
Why do people speak English in America?
Why is russification negative?
Why did they build the ark of the covenant?
Why is hogmany called hogmany?
Why was gros morne established?
Why was the independence of Pakistan a fight of words?
Why do people go to surat?
Why is hockey so important to british?
Why did the normans make the doomsday book?
Why is being an idealist looked down upon?
Why might politicians be tempted to accept gifts of railroad stock?
Why did it help men when they got work during the great depression?
Why does an empire starts?
Why was salt such an important trade commodity in the Sahara Sahel region of Africa?
Why was Jim bowie important?
Why is Math so important in Mesopotamia?
Why is the federal government so great?
Why was Louis st laurent able to win back to back majority government?
Why was a tariff reform important?
Why is Tina keeper a role model?
Why do nations create alliances?
Why do people plant landmines?
Why was Nordonia named nordonia?
Why did people name councils or meetings after the places they met at?
Why did the European called the carib hostile?
Why is it inappropriate to be nosey?
Why were children abandoned and neglected during the 16th to 17th century?
Why is community policing successful?
Why should us should or should not enter the world war1?
Why is Anna nacy smith strong important?
Why did pedestrianism spread so quickly throughout Europe?
Why did Italians leave their country of origin?
Why do you give importance to rizal?
Why do they call states panhandle?
Why did Dee Horton and Lew Hewitt invent the Sliding automatic door?
Why is the average cost of housing a prisoner in Washington higher than the national average?
Why is Grieg famous?
Why did scientists think that large animals of the ice age became extinct?
Why would an American wear a red uniform?
Why did people want to go west to California or Oregon?
Why did the spanish come to Florida?
Why was the sarcophagus designed to stay above ground?
Why did Champlain to get so well known?
Why is john stinson not in history?
Why do you suppose that history is so often the story of conflit?
Why do Egypt like akhet?
Why is the phrase on the Washington license plate there?
Why should you throw bums out?
Why was European exploration a momemtous event in the history of the human race?
Why was napoleon bonapart almost forced to sell Louisiana to America?
Why was Taiwan imperialized?
Why was the mayflower compact put in place?
Why was it important for the Babylonians to divide the day into 24 hours?
Why do crumbs not float on earth?
Why have some people compared Tenochtitlan to the city of Venice?
Why is 1776 so important in us history?
Why is it worrying that McCain is not digital apt?
Why did they predict 2012?
Why was this house a good place for fugitive slaves to hide?
Why did loyalist disagree with having freedom?
Why are people advised not to drink hot top water if their plumbing contains lead solder?
Why was gallipoli get invaded?
Why is Grade VII abolished?
Why was tula a major center for trade?
Why did Quebec choose not to fight with the Americans?
Why do most western states have straight lines?
Why have America been involved in many wars in the past 10 years?
Why did Africa become the center of three large African Empires?
Why did conquirors try to control the temple of jagarnath at puri?
Why do the poor tolerate the conditions in sweatshops?
Why is it difficult to be an immigrant?
Why is the middle eastern more problematic?
Why did the republican party lose popular support as reconstruction wore on?
Why might ethnic tensions in the caucasus be stronger than in other regions?
Why was chief Logan in important to history?
Why did god made the earth?
Why was the fertile crescent one of the best places to live?
Why are the influences of educationand family so powerful in the development of political attitude?
Why was the fire in the nineteen hundreds in san fransico called the ham and eggs fire?
Why did business grow so much during industrialization?
Why do you many people consider Asoka the greatest of all Mauryan rulers?
Why did the parliamentarians want to go to war?
Why did they let the Iran hostages go?
Why did some Turkish armenians join the Russians in battle?
Why do you feel weightlessness in water?
Why did trade flourish the Muslim world?
Why did africans traded with europeans?
Why did some Americans oppose empire building by the US?
Why are Jewish boys named luke?
Why did Charles 2 want to punish those who was involved in his fathers death?
Why was a satellite tracking station built in Maine?
Why do most Americans distrust political parties?
Why does the government have agencies?
Why were mummies put on their sides?
Why do loggers soak logs in the river?
Why did temples have obelisks?
Why are Guam and the northern Mariana islands included in the same circuit as Alaska California and Hawai?
Why did Queen Mary marry King Phillip II?
Why was the reformation supported by a large portion of the population?
Why are the religions in conflict over Jerusalem?
Why are most of the private schools and hospitals located in the major cities and not in towns or rural areas?
Why does freedom is a word that is very meaningful to us?
Why did china go into isolation?
Why is it a manunggul jar a national treasure of the Philippines?
Why did Dr barnardo begin his fund?
Why does polarization in politics occur?
Why does Caesar not fear Cassius?
Why did people migrate to the Oregon country?
Why was Florence AZ started?
Why did the convention delegates did this?
Why was the 1920s called the age of fords and flappers?
Why were city dwellers called burguesses or bourgeois?
Why were the blackfeet tribe feared?
Why is it difficult for courts to define which type of materials are considered to be obscene?
Why would people study 9 11?
Why does Britain have so many more political parties represented in parliament then you have in your congress?
Why did explorers set up trading posts?
Why were the Fundamental Orders of Connecticut important to the advance of representative government in America?
Why did the isrealites need a king?
Why do people call nobles blue blooded?
Why do people treat illegal immigrants so differently if in the amendments it says to treat everyone equally?
Why were there religious divisions in Tudor England?
Why do federal government get to print money?
Why do people think Hernando desoto voyages are important still today?
Why was robespierre against the king?
Why was the neolithic revolution so revolutionary?
Why do people choose to live on flat land?
Why did the Pilgrams and the Puritans leave Europe for the Americas?
Why do people elect government officials?
Why is Uttarayan celebrated?
Why was a Puritan Village set up in a certain way?
Why is China the most racist country?
Why did framers distribute power using at least two constitutional principles?
Why was laertes jealous?
Why is Haiti in so much trouble?
Why did the Americans feel the need to write a Constitution?
Why was Selena quintanilla important in American history?
Why did European nations establish colonies throughout the world?
Why do governments need to chose their policies correctly?
Why does the theory of Dr Henry Otley Beyer was being questioned by the new breed of historian and anthropologist?
Why was the mission of san Jose built in Texas?
Why was Hajjaj so angered by what had happened to the boats from the king of Sarandeb?
Why did JFK win the person of the year award?
Why should death vellay be one of the 7wonders of the world?
Why did Chinese initially come to amereica?
Why did Bartolome de las Casas speak out against the encomienda system?
Why were Georgians outraged by yazoo land deal?
Why did thomas jefforson not play a big role in the defining the constatution?
Why is olimpia famous?
Why was the usa government suspicious of mccarhty?
Why did paul miller receive the nobal prize in 1948?
Why is the chilkoot trail so popular today?
Why are races classified by color?
Why would a West African be enslaved in the Songhai Empire?
Why were Fertile Crescent a good place to plant crops?
Why do you remember Davy Crockett?
Why do you think historian James oliver horton feels that freedom loving Americans just cant deal with the slavery What do you think he means by this?
Why did the rennaissance happen?
Why is politics important in your society today?
Why did Britain form commonwealth of nations?
Why does legends easily catch up by children?
Why are peruvian antiquities wanted?
Why is greenwhich called greenwhich?
Why did west African leaders tend to be conciliators rather than warriors?
Why are some Peruvian antiquities at risk?
Why are Peruvian Aniquities of value to people wanting to steal it?
Why did realism happen?
Why is kanishka seen as the greatest king of the kushans?
Why is the history of the government important for young people to learn?
Why did president Johnson withdraw from presidential race?
Why is the water so cold in the room of frigidarium?
Why was unnatural history canceled?
Why did you choose your college major Islamic History and Culture?
Why is Somalia a third world country?
Why was space exploration important to man?
Why did sherman target civilians and resources?
Why is white the colour of death when it brightens up?
Why would someone support the townshed acts?
Why was the critical period named the critical period?
Why did early American churches meet only once a month?
Why would Italian provinces have a hard time cooperating?
Why did early humans start to settle in on place?
Why did Charles M Russell die?
Why did the bhakti movement end?
Why were people pleased when Maryii became Queen?
Why do some stupid and idiot people think that India is a poor country?
Why are there only a small proportion of people who die in a disaster but not the majority ie generally less than 20 percent?
Why would a committee report a bill but not recommend passage?
Why did the people of the middle kingdom settle along the Huang he?
Why did the spilt of the republican party cause democratic victory?
Why is Appomattox remembered?
Why do you read the time scale starting at the bottom?
Why did Harriet quimby move so much?
Why did they leave the first time when they got to elephant island in shipwreck at the bottom of the world?
Why is Taiwan so beauty and uniqueness?
Why is the History of the Kings of Britain an unusual British history?
Why did William and Mary adopt a policy of Salutary Neglect?
Why are having wars and king George is on the other side of the world?
Why would patriots want a new political system?
Why was Matthew alexandrhenson rich?
Why did so few imagrants settle in the south?
Why was sam Houston important to Tennessee?
Why did the US government help place seismographs at research stations all over the world?
Why was the world once black and white?
Why was the Inca government strong?
Why were the humans of the paleolithic era nomatic?
Why is it ok for christin missonarie but US has a problem with other religion?
Why was my space so successful?
Why does the totem pole last 4 a very long time?
Why do africans smell?
Why have fundamental duties been included in constitution?
Why does James Madison support the constitution?
Why was africans enslaving africans wrong?
Why did the people come to Britain in the period before 1066?
Why did scharecroppers think that the system was better than slavery?
Why is Minnesota counted as a Central Plains state?
Why was Egyptian cociety relatively stable and peaceful?
Why did etienne pay very dearly for his mistakes?
Why was mission sanfrancisco created?
Why were peninsulares the social class?
Why did the EEC form?
Why did wm penn want people to settle in PA?
Why was Danegeld significant?
Why do some people not say the pledge?
Why was robin hood at the round table?
Why was the grapes of wraph so controversial?
Why is Aspasia a good example?
Why was Tiger Bay so named?
Why did Indians kill Magellan?
Why did the Persian people oppose their rulers policy of selling business concessions?
Why does love have self but no ego?
Why did robespierre enjoy terrorising people?
Why did many immigrants choose to come to the US?
Why did government start?
Why do you think Henry built up such a large fleet?
Why is food so tasty?
Why is there little known about Ancient Africa?
Why were the Carthusians founded?
Why was the final outcome of the revoulutionary war so suprising to so many people?
Why did married women wear bonnets in England?
Why does mainstream Christianity teach that Jesus is God if Jesus said he was not God in John14 28?
Why does the young woman talk to the younger man?
Why did business owners label the labor movement as communist?
Why was nationalism grow on Americans?
Why was important the congress of confederation?
Why did williamsburg become the capital of VA a long time ago?
Why is the tertiary industry so popular?
Why did globalization change religion?
Why does almost everything effective like civilisations cultures traditions physical and psychological components turn in to rebellion or is it just that it actually starts with rebellion itself?
Why are dogs offensive in Dubai United Arab Emirates?
Why can bt openreach force its workers to work Saturdays against the workers beliefs?
Why did pilgrims use candles when whipping themselfs?
Why did people where straight lasted shoes?
Why does Emily choose china painting rather than other painting?
Why were temples built in Bengal?
Why do you become breathless after running fast?
Why was kudzu introduced to Mississippi?
Why did the us emerge from ww1 in a stronger econimic conditon than European nations?
Why do people participate in deforestation?
Why do flutes have holes in the middle of them?
Why is Sarah Winnemucca worth knowing about?
Why did We end up with the constitution We have?
Why did the Irish hate England?
Why was it so important for GW to establish precedent?
Why was the earl of Durham important to Canadian history?
Why do people think francis tresham was a double agent?
Why did the Duke of Russia come to New Orleans?
Why did white people want the charokee to move out of Georgia?
Why did the spanish settled in Louisiana?
Why was mercury used in Victorian medicine?
Why did the walloons leave new netherland?
Why did the American colonist grow used to making their own rights?
Why did people attend the assembly in Attica?
Why is the kyhber pass important in history?
Why did McCarthy initally receive alot of support from his efforts to expose communists?
Why did the people of meroe learn to smelt?
Why did so many Americans join the Patriot movement in support of Independence?
Why was Maximilien Robespierre important to France?
Why does federalism requires a compromise in order to accomplish governmental goals?
Why did africans capture africans?
Why did the Romans need so many measurement units?
Why did the Jamaica rebellion fail?
Why did President Wwilson begin to support the idea of war preparedness?
Why was the city of ninevh important?
Why was the union fight the war?
Why does Douglass say that the holidays on plantations are part and parcel of the gross fraud wrong and inhumanity of slavery?
Why was Florence a woman ahead of her time?
Why was the 1972 election important?
Why was Tomas jeferson on mt Rushmore?
Why is Usher important to history?
Why was water so precious to the Greeks?
Why were the pioneers unhappy with the British and colonial governments?
Why did the American coilinies fight the revouliutinary war?
Why was the americanCOLONISTS angry with Britain?
Why were western lands important?
Why did sugarcane planting stop?
Why did the British turn to African slavery?
Why was Pakistan separated into two sections after it became independent?
Why did the African start it?
Why does Anne Holm give so much detail about davids decsion to cross the road and find a good hiding place?
Why did ghanaians demanded for freedom during colonialism?
Why did Mexicans decide to fight for the independence from Spain?
Why are non governmental organizations important?
Why did Japan join the imperialistic competition?
Why did the spanish want to teach the California Indians their religion?
Why was the election in 1800 so important?
Why did the ancient Greeks make such advances in science?
Why do people call Frederick Douglas the trumpet for freedom?
Why was it important that you study about Harappa?
Why did southern counties complain of unequal representation in the government?
Why were the enslaved Africans forced into such a brutal existence during the middle?
Why are deltas usually a good place to farm?
Why do classes exists?
Why would debtors in the countryside who owed people money want more silver to be coined and more dollars to be printed?
Why is Friday important in science history?
Why was simula developed?
Why was life hard for warrnen hardin?
Why do ou think people were concered about the churches being shut?
Why was the US a haven for early immigrants?
Why do the Jewish recite the four Questions?
Why does so little of original Mayan literature exist today?
Why did Polk agree to annex Texas in 1854?
Why did the US think imperialism was a good way to work with other countries?
Why did they make people slaves in the US?
Why is Ashoka so important?
Why was it important that there at least 7 states present at the grand convention?
Why is Angela chamlers important in your society?
Why did the Canadian loyalist have to move further west than was intended by them?
Why would railway companies want to encourage settlement along their routes across the great plains?
Why was money called contilental currency?
Why might the Navajo have viewed the wind as the source of life?
Why were the villages in they poured fire on us from the sky destroyed?
Why did Copernicus publish his book on his death bed?
Why is the value of humour so important?
Why is history called history what is the answer?
Why is Virgil a good guide?
Why are people that cannot spell and do not know what they are talking about allowed to answer questions?
Why is history an argument without end?
Why did Edward the confessor promised the throne to so many people?
Why did the Chinese come to Utah?
Why did Jews come to Utah?
Why did the great war lead the widespread disillusionment with prewar institutions and authorities?
Why does the US always bail out and help other nations when your own nation is so much in debt?
Why did Jason Riaze kill him self?
Why did some people choose to become indentured?
Why is it important to protect these rights and freedoms?
Why did theatres in London have to close so frequently in Elizabeth times?
Why is st petersburg one of the only cities that people are familiar with as being the former Leningrad?
Why was Portugal unable to maintain its early domination of trade?
Why is eastern Kentucky so poor?
Why should pornographic videos be banned from the media?
Why do the Houyhnhnm have no word for pride?
Why did temples help medical progress?
Why is having a calendar to record time is important?
Why do governments sell bonds?
Why would the people want to revolt against the czars?
Why was the kgb so feared?
Why did globe did not stand straight on his own axis?
Why are duties as important as rights?
Why is the requerimiento historically significant?
Why is the requierment historically significant?
Why are the Huron so historically significant?
Why did economic development in russia lag behind the rest of Europe in the 1700s?
Why did An war Sadat choose Hosni Mubarak as the vice president?
Why did monks sleep in coffins?
Why do some people in the world not get enough to eat?
Why is Jacob important in Israelite history?
Why did families share there work in the 1750s?
Why did the Cuban War of Independence occur?
Why did the invention of the cotton gin lead to a boom in cotton production?
Why did countries joint the strike fighter program?
Why is Sekhment important?
Why was peisistratus famous?
Why was the Bonus March held?
Why should a worldwide afforeststion programme be introduced?
Why does economic system defer from mixed economy?
Why did peter cooper invent the stuff he invented?
Why is the coast at holderness disappearing?
Why is it important for the Romans to have more wealth?
Why is there conflict in Egypt?
Why do you think the quechua still do many things the way their ancestors did?
Why was the smallpox vaccine invented?
Why is or will finally intelligence be replaced eventually by artificial intelligence when it is and exists as work of intelligence?
Why does western Poland have mild winters?
Why was it important that the Roman laws were written on twelve12 tablets and shown to the public?
Why do people chose to settle in Ares near port services?
Why did westerneropean natioalism spead much of their wealth on amies and native?
Why did robespierre died?
Why is Eleanor of Aquitaine recolonized till this day?
Why was the british naval blockade located were it was?
Why did europeans look for alternative trade routes?
Why does man is consider ambivalent?
Why is it important to commemorate Qing Ming festival?
Why cant he married is countryto his people in h?
Why is greek economy so market oriented?
Why do Sake cups whistle?
Why did Islam spead?
Why were the monaseries a disgrace?
Why was it hard for people to travel in America in the early 1700s?
Why did the Philistines Invade?
Why are blacks the only racial group with a month dedicated to them?
Why did Americans belived they should claim Texas?
Why was pharaoh Khufu said to be really mean?
Why was the US unprepared for the war of Britain?
Why did Socrates pose as a danger to society?
Why was there a decline in the death rate in the US cities in the 1860?
Why is the rabbit the animal of the new year?
Why is Buddha carrying things in his arms?
Why do migrants go home?
Why is it there can be problems with asylum seekers?
Why are there similarities and differences?
Why do you not want detention centres in your area?
Why were plantation economies created and what were its defining characteristics?
Why did large numbers of immigrants move to Canada?
Why did the soviets crush the reform movement?
Why was the hall of great Buddha built?
Why does Virginia have a magistrate office included their court system?
Why was Ancient Egypt stronger when its leaders were strong?
Why did the government want a stronger government?
Why are the 800s to the 1100s considered a golden age for Japanse literature and art?
Why does the drama of war make such popular topics for Hollywood?
Why is RL Stine so important?
Why does a pyramid appear on the US dollar?
Why was ann of austria called ann of austria?
Why should you study history in your future oriented society?
Why did America go to a bus system?
Why did the british allow the colonies to self rule for over 150 years?
Why could a secondary source not be valid?
Why was tea so important to the American colonists?
Why were the natives and women left out of confederacy?
Why do they call Joseph Joffre a hero?
Why was the church weakened under pope clement v?
Why is Amenhotep Considered Unusual Rulers?
Why is the declaration of independance is called critical area?
Why was land in the west more attractive than land in the east?
Why did so many people who lied in the former confederacy have so many economic problems?
Why does everyone think Ghandi was such a great guy when he lead a nation that murdered so many of its Pakistani neighbors and the only thing he did that was different was that he starved himself?
Why are people so racist towards Islam without even trying to find out the truth about it without just buying watever their biased sources tell them?
Why are you interested in this issue?
Why was Kaiser Wilhelm the bad guy in World War 1?
Why was moscow moved back as the capital?
Why is William thackeray considered a good author?
Why do you suppose most new immigrants of the late 1800s and early 1900s chose to live in urban areas instead of rural areas?
Why was the greek god hephaestus called the blacksmith god?
Why is King Solomon so special?
Why did the cattlemen fight?
Why did Hank Aaron become your African American leader?
Why was jezus born?
Why did immigration increase in 1896?
Why is Egypt advanced?
Why did the Russians adapt the beliefs of Christianity?
Why arent kids allowed to vote?
Why was the national government so much stronger under the constitution?
Why did church have an active role in the middle ages an why?
Why has Haitian independence been so important to African history?
Why is public opinion opposed to adding Turkey to the EU?
Why is religion of choice important?
Why was Banneker born into freedom rather than slavery?
Why does the EU exsite?
Why is ethnicity and race important in US society?
Why is the unit of measurement used for distances of planets from the sun different from the unit used for their size?
Why was the balkan peninsula considered to be an unstanle area?
Why was sequoyah important to sc?
Why did the south oppose rising tariffs?
Why is it important that a government subscribe to an ideology?
Why do you use the beaufort scale?
Why do you want to stu dy here?
Why did never pakistan become communist?
Why is it important to have a stable justice system?
Why did Carter Woodson choose february to celebrate African American history?
Why were people in remote areas obliged to learn a variety of trades?
Why did king James the first hate puitains?
Why did the king employ priest to work in their government?
Why does conflict still carry on?
Why is Arabic words used to describe landforms far from the Arabian peninsula?
Why was the missionaries blamed for the rebellion?
Why did knighs go into battle?
Why has imperialism made most of the impact?
Why does the seed have a cover?
Why did the Convention of 1818 occur?
Why were the mission built where they were?
Why is Herodotus important to history?
Why are treaties important to Canada?
Why did British people come to Hawaii?
Why is Britain facing an energy crisis?
Why is Sam Adams important In history?
Why do people make research?
Why did farmers support populism?
Why did the Truman Doctrine say that it would help contain Communism?
Why would it have been hard for enemies to launch a successful military attack against constintinople?
Why did mob threaten british soldiers?
Why is the black cowboys of Texas famous?
Why did pionners choose to go west even though they faced many challengesn?
Why should the men inside the Alamo stay and defend it?
Why didnt people except deaf culture?
Why was benard of clairvauxlcalled the honey flowing teacher?
Why did developing nations often align themselves with one or the other super powers?
Why are folklores important for black history?
Why did Richard Cromwell lose control?
Why was black history originated?
Why did Louis Armstrong go to The Fisk School for Boys?
Why should you join the north back then?
Why would a person use deuctive argument?
Why was lucknow pact of 1916 came about?
Why do people migrate from Bangladesh to other countries?
Why will different councils take different actions to address the national issue of ageing population?
Why was tower bridge made?
Why do state capitals have similar architure?
Why is George Walker Bush important?
Why is it important to know black history?
Why is a repesenatives term dinfrent from a senate?
Why do Hindus have a carnival at the beginning of march?
Why is the haition revolution a ecnomic revolution?
Why did Berlin stop getting supplise?
Why is it an important event in british history?
Why do so many men object to abortion while they traditionally pay so little attention to children?
Why were some factories called sweatshops?
Why did the Americans feel it was their right and duty to spread across the continent?
Why is this person important to the history of the world?
Why is the gilded age important all i want is a strait to the point answer please help me?
Why was William Colenso famous?
Why is Santa Ines location chosen?
Why were the Cherokee removed to Oaklahoma form the Southeastern US?
Why was Rik Scarce placed in jail in 1993?
Why were the English society the first to move towards a constitutional government?
Why was peter buck knighted?
Why did the Africans do art?
Why was the Centre Pompidon made?
Why did brutuz want to take control over rome?
Why did prince edward island not enter the confedration in 1967?
Why is Confucius so great?
Why did the europeans go to Venezuela?
Why did many Europeans go to the middle east instead of the far east?
Why did the puritans believe that standardizing English was important?
Why should have the phoenician colonies united?
Why are many older buildings in the southeastern and southwestern US like those Spain?
Why would the beginning of springtime be such a big deal for acient civilizations?
Why was the middle coloney founded?
Why did the colonist melt pewter?
Why is John Monroe so important?
Why were these jobs important?
Why might so many people have attended the election party?
Why are the framers of the constitution designed a legislature composed of two houses?
Why is the Khorat Plateau so important?
Why did the Chinese cultural revolution happen in china?
Why was the FERA made?
Why did burma separated from India?
Why is the Philippines considered as a American Clone?
Why would you steal something?
Why do The Federalists fear a weak central government?
Why is Jerusalem significant to religion?
Why was king henrys 2nd wife and 5th wife beheaded?
Why did railroads years ago use male and female punch outs on the ticket?
Why should people move to Massachusetts?
Why do we use more than one indicator?
Why were some people apposed to the growing number of immigrants?
Why do you think tom Watson appealed to the people during the new south era?
Why was caravel important?
Why was starting the CFPB so difficult for elizabeth warren?
Why was russia continually short on weapons and clothes?
Why are Singapore strive to be a transport and communication hub?
Why is 1853 an important date in the history of smallpox?
Why was the georgian bay national park astabelished?
Why was the Hartford convention unsuccessful?
Why is Jane Addams is a good role model?
Why was Francisco you Madero get removed from office?
Why was pikes expedition started?
Why did federalism cause controversy during your history?
Why is KFC for black people?
Why were the Anabapitists considered radical?
Why does Paine believe the british army are leaving England?
Why does professor Weber believe that the American people have forgotten about this war with Mexico?
Why was freedom of speech so important to labor organizations such as the Industrial Workers of the World?
Why did America expand Westward so rapidly during the Gilded Age?
Why was Dorothy Page important to the iditerod in the middle 1960s?
Why did Virgil want to burn the Aeneid?
Why is a source important to understanding history?
Why were the townshend acts repeased?
Why did Christendom out law all healing modalities except for bloodletting when it was first imposed?
Why did Andersonville become the most famous prison in the south?
Why does circulation and ratings systems determine how much money different advertisements cost to run?
Why did the farmers want to ratify the constitution?
Why did Turner claim that the frontier was crucial to the development and extension of American democracy?
Why is Alice walker important to the us?
Why is immigration always an important issue for Americans?
Why did Haym Solomon leave Poland?
Why did the north like the 1828 tariff?
Why does Israel have a lot of stress?
Why was bp used in history?
Why are squat toilets supposed to be cleaner than western ones?
Why is rape high in kiambu Kenya?
Why are Turkish soldiers called mehmet?
Why was the electric streetcar system designed by Stephen Dudley Field dangerous?
Why are young African families poor?
Why was it important to win the space race?
Why is that people in there 20 are often forgotten?
Why did people want to go to Kentucky?
Why did people go to hte west?
Why was Jania excluded from history?
Why is tequito?
Why did David Crosthwait die?
Why would people need catapults?
Why would politician prefer the cash basis over accrual basis?
Why is it difficult for protestants and catholics to except William III?
Why was the wind pump made?
Why is Charlemagne important at this time in history?
Why do Protestants and Catholics find it hard to believe that the pope might have supported King William?
Why would a democratic government and a communistic government might be in a conflict?
Why should Elijah mccoy be acknowlrdged in your history?
Why did Apollo make his sister kill her first love?
Why did President Putin reverse certain democratic institutions in Russia?
Why did the victory over the guerriere shock most common people?
Why did the US want to stop the USSR from supporting independence in colonized areas?
Why are hurricanes hunters jobs important?
Why was Otis Boykin important?
Why was salt II take place?
Why did people use sharp sticks to poke the mental people in shakespears time?
Why was gold so important to the egyptions?
Why is cyclical history important?
Why was 1964 such an important year in history?
Why is gossiping and spreading rumors wrong?
Why do many people study the history of tenochtitalin?
Why is Lois Mailou Jones important to are history?
Why is a courtmartialed officers sword broken?
Why did the missions want to go to California?
Why was water so important to Ancient Chinese?
Why did workers need to be protected by union workers?
Why should you care if a bunch of old dudes did some boring stuff?
Why can Francis you be called an ideal Renaissance gentleman?
Why did the months receive the names they did?
Why is time an important part of history?
Why did Spain expel some of its best farmersand businessmen?
Why did precious metals lose their value in 1453 AD?
Why were the Chinese prohibted from coming to the us?
Why didnt the roosevelt administration want to become involved with the conflict in Europe?
Why was Louis riel important to manitobans?
Why did the Americans planters requst for the annexation of Hawaii fail in the early 1890?
Why wasRosa Parks put in to the Hall of Fame?
Why was the Atlantic Coastal Plain region settled first?
Why is there no hope for humanity?
Why did workers from trade unions?
Why do people still use the constitution?
Why does man not learn from history?
Why were the portuguese so successful in taking over spice trade?
Why is the dealware vally called the poor mans country?
Why should you think a bout going on pilgrimage?
Why was the wells cathedral built?
Why can one say Romans may have been to the Americans?
Why did Americans distrust big business at the turn of the century?
Why did liberians name their capital Monrovia?
Why was Fredrick law olmsted important?
Why is it important for the US and Canada to work together to solve pollution and enviromental problems?
Why was Alonzo Washingotn remembered in American history?
Why were lidia o newman inspired to create her invention?
Why did the Greeks build ships and become a seafaring nation?
Why did Bismarck think France would stand in the way of unification?
Why did oliver cromwell argue with parliament?
Why did each group consider Jerusalem a holy city?
Why is song of the south unfairly malinged?
Why is there a struggle between the generations?
Why was troy wiped off of the map?
Why should a king be loyal to his people?
Why is 1958 so important?
Why did France immigrated to Texas?
Why is Herbie Hancock important to history?
Why is microelectronics useful?
Why did catherine Blake sign her marriage certificate with an x?
Why do cities have to plan for the future?
Why was the election of 1892 significant to us history?
Why was the mongol army so great?
Why did Ivan Sutherland invented CAD?
Why does Jake think he is so funny?
Why did both japan and Korean respond to increased foreign contact by going into isolation?
Why does Rosbespierre believe that the revolution cannot tolerate diversity of opinion Are his reasons convincing?
Why did people join the red army?
Why is the Lourdes important to the christian people?
Why is jazz such an important part of music history?
Why is Ethel Waters important to African American history?
Why did they make the open door policy?
Why was the year 1783 important in American history?
Why did they make art in ancient china?
Why is brotherhood a divine art?
Why did the dambuster raids happen?
Why were women discouraged from attending school?
Why did women have to stay at home?
Why do cyber crimes go up?
Why do African do a be die?
Why did Jacob Roggeveen want to explore Samoa?
Why is the zug history changing?
Why did southerners often say that coyyon is king?
Why do pirates have partes?
Why does the Caribbean have such a rich cultural heritage?
Why is dual federalism known as a layer cake?
Why do Chinese put water in fields?
Why did Edmund campion have to die?
Why did the Japanese way of serving changed?
Why is Aristotelian logic important?
Why is Nyepi celebrated?
Why do the use BP in history?
Why was the aerosol can important?
Why is it so hard to finf the words unfollow to unfollow are own questions by not being at all the questions only at some and how can someone unfollow more but not all their questions on Answerscom?
Why is it special about insurance in Connecticut and expian?
Why did the puritans split with the church of egland?
Why was the battle of fallen trees so important to the western settlers?
Why did people create hephaestus as a god?
Why is it good that mubarak stepped down?
Why did the Train Bombings in Madrid happen?
Why did muckracking stop?
Why was population in the French colony increased?
Why are injunctions important?
Why is western civilizations important?
Why did the Quartering Act?
Why does Japan produce millions more cars than it needs?
Why is the effil tower culturallysignificant?
Why did Charles townsend move the redcoats from western lands to the east coast?
Why did FDR start the good neighbor policy for what incident?
Why was Annie r smith famous?
Why is tupac related to history?
Why do you celebrate casimir pulaski birth as a holiday?
Why was prohibition movement was a issue?
Why was the untied states concerned about events in latin American?
Why were okies hated?
Why did the jacksonian oppose a national band?
Why was Tecumseh given his name?
Why was religious fervor a part of imperialism?
Why is James west famous for?
Why did Mexico allow American settlers in their country?
Why do some men of Europe called sir before their names?
Why did the patricians claim that they have the right to rule?
Why is the revolution in Egypt called the Jasmine revolution?
Why is NGO established?
Why do so many cultures have a Trickster?
Why did plantaions dominate the south?
Why was the agricultural adjustment act declared inconstitutional in 1936?
Why was governor john white so important?
Why is fernanado botero famous?
Why might Muslim religiouse leaders object to reforms in turkey and Persia?
Why is Abraham beem on a forget me not card?
Why is the welsh national anthem important?
Why is welsh national anthem important?
Why did Britain give up Hawaii?
Why does it appear to us the sun does not change?
Why are the people of libiya protesting?
Why do you think theatre is considered an important development?
Why were blacks being assassinated?
Why is art history important to you?
Why was the clitorise created?
Why are roundheads significant in history?
Why was Eva peron so important?
Why does revolution matter?
Why is it important for the president to be good with the press?
Why was Sinclair Lewis famous?
Why did Emil Fischer become a sciencist?
Why did the presence of Christian Hurons cause conflict in the community?
Why does Malaysia celebrate national day instead of independence day?
Why did ancient Greeks make mumies?
Why does bureaucracy pay attention to courts?
Why was Sugar Maple selected as Vermont state tree?
Why did the colonists use military force against British army units?
Why would a plane that released a bomb jolt?
Why was Kattabomman hanged?
Why were firearms a big deal to the Japanese?
Why do authoritarian systems use command systems?
Why did Palestine divide into 2 countries?
Why is it difficult to determine the borders of the middle east?
Why are the four parts of the UK so important?
Why did clemenceau agree to give Wilson his league of nations?
Why do you think they were important?
Why was john graves simcoe important in the war of 1812?
Why is irans population dropping?
Why were First World Countries more successful than Third World Countries in the 20th Century?
Why was Czechoslovakia divided?
Why was the place named haldi ghati?
Why is it better to invest in another country?
Why was the Reformation more successful far away from the Pope?
Why does the government upholds the rights of the women?
Why was jerrypotts important to Canadian history?
Why is the temp region of the world a good place to grow food?
Why was the nations capital moved south?
Why was the fight over the cooking pots a disappointment to Winston?
Why was England an important military power?
Why did Stalin set up the show trials?
Why was portaging around the Great Falls so difficult?
Why is farming so difficult in the African sahel?
Why were their persecuted by the German Government?
Why did state and local governments become full time?
Why did no single leader control the government?
Why does turkey Iran India saudiarabia adopted different styles of government?
Why do you think there were no women pilots at 1903?
Why did many believe their fears were justified?
Why is heodotus known as the fatherof history?
Why did the US free a large number of slaves?
Why was an artifact important to history?
Why is there dispute in Arab countries?
Why was Dunkirk a victory?
Why was demosthenes so important?
Why is Guatemala a happy place?
Why would the English want to possess Acadia?
Why did Spain make settlements in the new world?
Why were there more british ships then french?
Why did prince Henry start discovering?
Why do they want to devote the government in Egypt?
Why should you celebrate womens history month?
Why do the people of Jordan want to revoke the government?
Why did napoleon ways want war?
Why did the donner party eat each other?
Why was St Norbert a good person?
Why do settlers object to cattle coming through?
Why do insurance companies collect data and give it to government agencies?
Why do you honor her in history?
Why could people now participate in leisure activities?
Why did the kempton park hospital close?
Why is battle of buxar important?
Why did the prime minister of Pakistan got murdered?
Why did John Cornyn want to become Senate of Texas?
Why did the populist not support the gold standard act?
Why did America follow through with the Marshall Plan?
Why did Wilson advocate preparedness at the same time as neutality?
Why did the countries that traded wanted a water route?
Why was a Phillip Randolph named the most dangerous black person in America?
Why do more people die from gun fire in the US than any other free country?
Why is a highway called a veterans highway?
Why has globalization been praised and criticized?
Why did Joshua play in the history of the israelites?
Why would have been a problem with a week central government?
Why should the bonus march if 1932 be granted?
Why was Canterbury important in the renaissance?
Why is it imortant to have an enemy in a totalitarian?
Why does Daniel Craig look like Valdimir Putin?
Why were Sydneysiders given a penny in 1896?
Why did the exploers begin moving west?
Why did the pioneers have wagons?
Why were communities affected by Pals Brigrade?
Why did many immigrants remain in the areas in which they entered the US?
Why is olmecs consider by scholar to be the Mother culture of Mesoamerica?
Why do rodeos exist?
Why did American Indians protest the us settlement?
Why is Abydos in Egypit importanat?
Why would militarism make it more difficult to avoid the outbreak of war in Europe?
Why did law makers want children to attend school?
Why was the Mexico colony established?
Why did the mission system shut down?
Why is citizenship important in a democracy?
Why do you think people wrote about knights and samurai in literature?
Why were the Serbians so UN happy that Austria Hungary had taken over?
Why did the europeans turn to Africa?
Why do African leaders wants to remain in power?
Why is Skara Brae important to History?
Why did early civilisation emerge?
Why were some legislatures willing to work closely with Mary garret hay?
Why are facil expressions useful?
Why did the Polynesians fail to establish an empire even though they lived in such a wide area of the world?
Why does social status inconsistencies happen?
Why did the need for goods that were not available on the manor increase?
Why were steel building frames such an important improvement for cities?
Why do black people take the n word offensively when all it means is ignorant person?
Why did Isaac Gulliver smuggle?
Why is secondary source a bad thing?
Why is secondary source a good thing?
Why did the kinder transportation happen?
Why is palestine important to all Muslims?
Why did Henry the seventh want to pass the merging laws?
Why were the coercive acts so important?
Why was water issues important to early California?
Why are Argentinas festivals important?
Why does the Greek have so many different daily routines?
Why is the chern power plant important?
Why was the progress by gwendolyn brooks so important?
Why is corruption prevalent in the Philippine society?
Why do srilankans leave their country?
Why was the war between rome and Carthage important?
Why cant you say on this website?
Why was the western region of the US founded to begin with?
Why did both danmark and Sweden wanted union with Norway?
Why do they have ther sheilds protecting the person next to them?
Why did sittingbull get shot?
Why were the Cherokees forced to move even though the supreme court ruled in there favor?
Why should examination should be unfair and should be replace by continuous assesment?
Why is change hard to achieve?
Why did northern states want the government to keep European products out of the country?
Why is it hard to be the only person defending an unpopular opinion in a crowd?
Why were the men who went to California looking for gold called forty niners?
Why were many spanish adventures attracted to the Americas?
Why were German submarines moving along the eastern coast?
Why was Cavendish reluctant to endorse total reliance on reason?
Why were history plays popular?
Why do kidnappers kill?
Why was Prague spring given its name?
Why did the great exhibition happpen?
Why is ethics so crap?
Why is the boxer rebellion important to imperialism?
Why was control of the media important in a totalirtarian state?
Why was immigration back up to high levels in 1866?
Why didnt southern famers dilike hamiltons plans for the economy?
Why is difficult to agree to disagree?
Why were colored people an white people segregated?
Why was Ernest Hemmingway famous?
Why are the Olympics called panhellenic games?
Why do Harriet Quimby flight a considered a remarkable achievement?
Why do countries have their own national anthems?
Why were the soviet agents working so hard to spread communism around the world?
Why did pancho villa plan a raid the US?
Why do hundreds of people move to Bombay everyday?
Why is Denmark great?
Why was zakim bunker hill bridge built?
Why was the drakes folly important to society?
Why was socialist law used during the cold war?
Why was it hard for Shakespeare to choose his character?
Why do some people favor plea bargaining while others oppose it?
Why do most economies in the would today operate somewhere in between a market economy and a command economy?
Why is life so lonely?
Why is akhenaton important in history?
Why did the town life return to Europe around 1000 ad?
Why was mummifiction important?
Why did catherine Beecher feel teaching was important for women?
Why did planters us africans as slaves?
Why does Iraq president the highest pay president in the world?
Why was Becket prepared to die for the church?
Why is the Senate not approve appointments to the Supreme Court?
Why do china make woman abort baby girls?
Why is a Disabled manscourned for his type of Disability A type of disablity that he has hidden from the pulic for 41 years and the only relief is to take the most powerful drugs that kill pain?
Why is US more developed than Ghana?
Why is Ashoka emperor in world history?
Why were microscopes important in the 16 and 17 centuries?
Why did the congress pass the emergency quota act in the 1920s?
Why did it take so long for the crusdaes to end?
Why was there an increase in homeless people in the 1980s?
Why did millions of Venezuelans go on strike in 2002?
Why would Turks migrait to amercia?
Why is congress at the heart of most basic governmental function your democratic system?
Why did people from japan use fanswhat does it represent?
Why are there no representations of Mohammad?
Why was Jefferson Davis in drag in a carte de visite?
Why was george Custer defeated by the Sioux Indians?
Why did the counterculture occur in the 60s?
Why should I trust that governments are going to give us accurate results from nuclear disasters?
Why did Franch attack Libya on the 8 year anniversary of the Iraq invasion March 19 2003?
Why was important stories about child labour heard buy upper and middle classes?
Why did the desire for admission of Missouri as a slave state cause so much conflict?
Why is it important Australia maintains a democratic system?
Why did people join cultural revolution?
Why did Wu zhenmu dread the sight of a imperial agent?
Why were people outraged over the Dred Scott case?
Why were Chinese and Irish laborers valued during the 1860s?
Why was the feudal system important to history?
Why is industrial development important?
Why did imperalism change the history of Africa?
Why did robespierre condemn danton to death?
Why is canda named canda?
Why is the titanic such an important historical site?
Why has war broken out in libya in 2011?
Why is Zambia in Southern Africa a less economically developed country?
Why did john Gutenberg work in private?
Why did the cripple creek strike occur?
Why did john muir come to the US?
Why is ruben diaz important?
Why were portuguese so important?
Why did citeis grow so quickly?
Why was the moon the largest in history a couple of days ago Why not today or tomorrow?
Why did Back move from Weimar to Cothen?
Why would pictographs work today?
Why did Roosevelt believed that the history of America is central to history of the world?
Why would being a patron require wealth?
Why did people migrate from rural areas to cities?
Why did general chamberlain join the union?
Why did Japanese plan on attacking the aleutian islands?
Why is gadhafi bombing and shooting his own people?
Why did the Mexican government close the missions?
Why did the egypitains choose not to preserve the brain?
Why did Guatemala chose independence?
Why was the romantic period of time in music so important?
Why is the telegraph important now days?
Why are you afraid of immigrants?
Why is Longstreet important to know and remember?
Why were native Americans the ones to be granted the right to vote?
Why is the Jew memorial in Berlin?
Why were the Martello towers built in Kingston Ontario?
Why did the free soil movement supported the exclusion of slavery from the territories?
Why was threshing invented why was it important?
Why is paleotologeist jack horner famous?
Why do people call themself a human being?
Why could people only marry people within their own caste?
Why did tudors use soot for toothepaste?
Why did the court belivie that gideon could not defend himself?
Why was Persepolis built where it was?
Why was the berlinwall built?
Why would you want to know this?
Why did eastern empier last longer?
Why is the goggenheim museum in Spain unique and innovative?
Why do you learn about the Trojan war in history?
Why did the art teacher of terezin think it was good for the children to draw and color?
Why are immigrants mules blocking immigrants?
Why do you say bald as a badger?
Why were the florence flood volunteers called mud angels?
Why is the Guantanamo critcizied which calssifieed?
Why is the Conestoga Wagon is call the Prairie Schooner?
Why might the history of the griots not be perfectly accurate?
Why did Ulysses fight for the union?
Why is it that you have limited information about Phineas Gage?
Why do people misconstrued the implication of political independence?
Why is Abraham is impotant to the history?
Why do nothern states do not have port cities?
Why was the Manifest Destiny a bad idea?
Why is the manifest destiny a bad idea?
Why is slavery a debate?
Why did Spain make missions in Florida?
Why did cities not fall to the Bolsheviks?
Why did people move to the upper peninsula of Michigan?
Why did they make arrow heads?
Why did she do the flag?
Why do men of great knowledge are always in controversies?
Why was the light horses regarded as a higher rank than the infantry?
Why is richland historical sociey so historical?
Why has a network of tiny faults been created under the la basin?
Why was the US irriated with the british?
Why is warren edward buffet the richest man?
Why did the quayside get redeveloped?
Why is Celtic fc pronunced differently to the more widely used pronunciation of the word?
Why did one third of the angels want to leave heaven?
Why is the secound and fourth commandment pharagraph more then the 8?
Why did people begin to migrate across china during the early qing period?
Why was it difficult to get a job in 1949?
Why should you consider yourself black if im not all black?
Why were kids evacuated from school?
Why did most children only go to school for part of the day?
Why did the welsh migrate to Australia?
Why was rummel aka dessert fox important?
Why is british gov helping libyan rebels?
Why is securing the pain history of a patient important?
Why is Korea better than Japan?
Why is mukhtar important in history?
Why did the europeans feel so isolated and how did this shape their approach to the outside world?
Why is the olive branch on the one dollar bill?
Why was Ferdinan and his wife offed?
Why did the British people move to Australia?
Why is Garibaldi named hero of two worlds?
Why are teepees circular?
Why has the theme of the hero become an archetype in the humanities?
Why is garden of groves a landmark?
Why were Americans concerned about Tecumseh?
Why did the 5th crusade or the Council of Lateran end?
Why do African writers write in an indigenous African language?
Why is there turmoil going on in Libya?
Why did they pran wood from a long time ago?
Why do the Vietnamese people place such importance on family?
Why is it difficult to eradicate terrorist activities?
Why did the emperor give the leader of the Minamoto family the title of shogun?
Why is James Jones history in Illinois?
Why would a country adopt to constitutional monarchy?
Why do you study tradition?
Why is it important to be kind to yourself?
Why did jack mackey shoot samule Morse?
Why was lacquer paint invented?
Why did big business leaders form trusts or monopolies?
Why did Vicente Guerrero get involved?
Why did the Japanese put Cubans in concentration camps?
Why are Americans content to be led like sheep?
Why is Florence Italy important now?
Why is Quincy Il the Gem City?
Why is history important when reading?
Why is Greece concidered to be the birthplace of civilization?
Why do you think he is referred to rather than parliament?
Why did Glenn Gloud become a pianist?
Why was sister irene mccormack martyred?
Why was voting set?
Why are they fignting?
Why was the new york flag chosen?
Why would a politician named de Ayala born in Spain in the 1800s have to escape the country to save his life?
Why were the herero tribe killed?
Why did the Germans fear communism and how might this fear shape Germanys future?
Why would a newly formed state need a navy?
Why were cradles called dry cradles?
Why was ben banned from the palace of Versailles?
Why did the koreanwar ended?
Why did your Mom shop in the stores that gave Green Stamps with purchasses?
Why was detriot an ideal factory?
Why was hooverville created?
Why is the murder of Emmett till important today?
Why is Blasting Gelatine important in history?
Why arent these agencies part of the cabinet departments?
Why are the Royal Northwest Mountain Police important to Canada?
Why is the Mali kingdom important?
Why was the flag protection act made?
Why was the seattle world fair significant to the people of the pacific northwest?
Why was it called the tragedy that brought change?
Why did the olmec art not survive?
Why did the Pakistan government in 1971 commit genocide?
Why did the sanitation workers go on on strike in Memphis TN in April 1968?
Why did Sojourner leave new york and spread gods words?
Why did parliament not meet at an existing state?
Why is Columbus contributions important even though he reached in India?
Why did William James question the study of consciousness?
Why do they cut babies hair at 3 months in Indonesia?
Why does the statue in front of the BC court house hold a scrol instead of a sword?
Why were corsets used and what were they made of?
Why should an individual use their right to vote?
Why is your nation a republic?
Why is April 4th important in history?
Why did founders establish a way to amend the constitution?
Why did castles come to a end in the 16th centary?
Why do urban areas tend to be more democratic?
Why did political parties start to form around 1830?
Why was the African aparthied put in place?
Why did diaz invite diplomats to Mexico?
Why was the urintary system was inforce?
Why was supplying food and weapons before World War 1 significant?
Why was the Albany congress formed?
Why is Birmingham called the steel city?
Why was Socrates imortant in history?
Why was Socrates important in history?
Why was donatello worth studying?
Why do you think rizals family rejected the jesuits petition?
Why did people stop buying bandages?
Why is fuel good to use in a space craft?
Why did the civilian conservation corps give an age limit?
Why was Chubby Checker important to world history?
Why is maccu picchu so famous?
Why did Britain achieve abolition well before America?
Why do you think most of the trappers are native or males?
Why did the Persians attack Athens around 490BC?
Why was the iroguois confederacy so important?
Why was panama created in 1903?
Why do you think Jefferson decided to work on his ability?
Why were sapling from the chestnut tree sent around the world?
Why is recreation overlooked as a profession?
Why is the wheat industry subsidized by the US?
Why is Ciara on CRACK?
Why is Samuel Adams important in short story?
Why did the the Texas revolution start?
Why was new york funded?
Why are political systems important?
Why do kids in Germany still learn Latin in school today?
Why was the battle of plataeu a turning point for Greece?
Why did Robert e lee surreder in the civil war?
Why was there no record of shakespeares birth?
Why was the common man so important in the election of 1828?
Why are precedents important to Us history?
Why do you think philo had to cunduct more than one experiment?
Why does tj spend so much time in his tree house?
Why is the emanapation proclamation important to history?
Why were draft riots important to history?
Why are draft riots important to history?
Why are drafts important to history?
Why did the pope think people were getting the black plague?
Why are serfs at the bottom of the hiararchy?
Why did civilizatons develop froms of writing?
Why did people left Vietnam to immigrate to America?
Why was the Erie call a good transportation?
Why did the worst figting happen in the south?
Why did lord macaulay set up schools in India?
Why do pygmies carry there babies on there back in a cattle field?
Why did most minners not have to pay taxes?
Why did some of the Americans wanted to end salvary?
Why did the eastern history react the way they did?
Why is the quran not translated?
Why is libya important to the US?
Why was the Paro Taktsang built?
Why is Canadian democratic process an issue?
Why is hapshetsut so divine?
Why is behavior important in society?
Why is Michael phillip Anderson important?
Why did hyskos invade Egypt?
Why is kalemie a twin town?
Why was drama an abomination to rome?
Why was history divided into chapters?
Why did the aboriginal groups participae in the fur trade?
Why did Russia have a strong economy in 1945?
Why would life as an early European be hard?
Why does only Washington and West Virginia have a B and O tax?
Why does the west coast of Canada experience earthquakes?
Why did immigrants have a hard time migrating to Texas?
Why do people have unmarked graves?
Why should the poor be classified?
Why did Kennedy resort to a blockade and not declare war on USSR?
Why would Suleiman want to include Medina and Mecca?
Why was the french and Indiana caused?
Why do Africans have yellow eyes?
Why are towns and cities going to the Arabian Peninsula?
Why was there a controversay when Elia Kazan was nominated to win an Academy Award?
Why is phobe fairgrave important?
Why did Catherine De Medici write God and the world will have reason to be satisfied by me?
Why do south africans hate foreigners?
Why did the Germans come to MI?
Why is putin authoritarian?
Why do people always worry about something everything happens for a reason?
Why do you periodise history?
Why did the settlers move to Memphis?
Why did the United states form an alliance with the USSR?
Why do you need criminal and civil laws?
Why did Gil Eannes explore?
Why did Korea become isolated?
Why was Hawaii accepted to the union?
Why did the Magyars raid?
Why is the time period called the era of exploration?
Why was MLK and the KKK imoprtant to history?
Why was constitutional act of 1971 important?
Why is Rip A dreamer in ore ways than one?
Why did the Californios move to California?
Why is ethnic study important?
Why did the leeds infirmary used to pollute the river aire with dead leaches?
Why was iron used for irons?
Why was the WCTU especially divided?
Why did not men make girlfriends in old times?
Why is Anthony jenkinson famous?
Why is batemans bay called batemans bay?
Why is this website on the internet?
Why did the railroad strike of 1877 come to an end?
Why do you think women lost some of their freedoms when Japan became a warrior society?
Why doesnt metro north have a line from Hartford to Boston mass?
Why was there a movement within Russia for economic and social reform?
Why was Katherine swynford famous?
Why do you think the pharaoh wore a belt and b uckle over the loin cloth in Egypt?
Why would it be difficult for people to prevent the spread of the plgue diseases?
Why was England tawing the 13 Colonies so heavily?
Why were they able to defeat large more settled societies and civilization?
Why do you think most undocumented immigrants come to the US?
Why was Samuel de Champlain discover important?
Why was the french in America in 1754?
Why were English kings buried at the Abbey of Fontevraud?
Why were mongols significant in European history?
Why didn sotherners oppose entry of California into union as a free state?
Why do you think most californios welcomed mexicn rule?
Why should Tasmanian wilderness be preserved?
Why do youths pick and drop?
Why did eygption farmers have nothing to do between July and November each year?
Why was the national museum of natual history built?
Why do you think shaw was named colonel of the 54th at the young age of only 23?
Why is it an important event to know about Australian history?
Why was the consitituion written?
Why did Junipero Serra teach about religion?
Why is this a problem?
Why do many people belive that thutmas killed queen hatshupsut?
Why were immigrants treated bad?
Why is Florida often exempt from many things?
Why does history remember cosimo de medici?
Why did ra create the world?
Why do you think that the government in Alberta should be giving more or less money in education?
Why did cowboys always seem as the good guys?
Why did America get attacked again in 1995?
Why is masonry important?
Why was hinton helper hated in the south?
Why was the declaration of independence one of jeffersons greatest accomplishments?
Why do they refer to brown shirts and the Nazis as being right wing when they were absolutely left wing socialists?
Why was the doctrin of nuliifacation popular in the south?
Why was the Van De Graaff built?
Why is Michael Faraday important to our history?
Why do girls strip on facebook?
Why do hurricanes have Russian names?
Why should US role as a global peacekeeper end or continue?
Why is it difficult to tell the difference between the Democrat and Republican parties?
Why is Thomas George Prince important to history?
Why was the intercolonial railway needed?
Why were federalists in favor of national bank?
Why did McCarthism suceed at first but the fall out of favor?
Why do you think that the Turks let the Abbasid caliph to remain leader of religion in Baghdad?
Why was the almo important to US history?
Why is exporting goods better for a country than inporting goods?
Why are nuclear plants important?
Why are Aboriginals important to Austalias history?
Why were some Japanese unwilling to follow Buddhism?
Why was the executive order 10924 written?
Why can a island be called a country?
Why were the Africans going to change the spring box to Proteus?
Why do you think south kares looks like it does today?
Why did the US turn against the new Cuban government?
Why does Robespierre oppose the war with Austria?
Why did linda miller marry trout walker?
Why was croydon the targets for so many V1 rockets?
Why were the British in gambia?
Why does Lincoln mention that he wonders if that nation can longer endure?
Why were the trading posts and forts set up right next to rivers?
Why would settlers want to move west in the 1800?
Why is a district in Lincolnshire called South Holland?
Why is brutus feeling greif?
Why are missionaries important in the history of Washington State?
Why does most of the land belong to the government?
Why does Juliet say your only love spung from your only hate?
Why is the middle of the wall called the death trap?
Why was entertainment invented?
Why was the battle of Verdun important and symbolic?
Why did Emerson refuse to build a logical intellectual system or philosophy?
Why is it illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood Boulevard at one time?
Why was the helmet important to greek people?
Why did the nationalist and communist party join forces in 1923?
Why were ancient African kingdoms become so powerful?
Why was the 112th Congressional District drwan in such an unusual shape?
Why is it important to be a member of Lulac?
Why was head start founded?
Why was Samuel gidley howe famous?
Why was the new nation compared to a child just learning how to walk?
Why was it believed that in the 1920s the first two divisions were fictitious?
Why did Aristotle believe men have more teeth than women?
Why did Henry clay group this resolutions in pairs in the compromise 1850?
Why cant folks eat donuts?
Why is trade more active today than befor?
Why did nationalism led to independence?
Why was is it a bad idea to pay people to be in the army?
Why are most states in the West larger than most states in the Northeast?
Why are ethical guidelines needed for cross cultural work?
Why do you think keeping a journal became so important to the students?
Why is dr Pedro beauchamp famous?
Why was Jennifer Dunn famous?
Why do they attack America?
Why did they have so many struggles writing the constitution?
Why was the bay of fundy built?
Why did tribes oppose statehood?
Why do you study history as a subject?
Why did some white southerners not want blacks to get an education?
Why do ammonites live in water?
Why did the delegates to the constitutional convention adopt the great compromise?
Why did robespierre oppose the war of 1792?
Why is Jane good famous to America history?
Why did Hemingway do his first accomplishment?
Why do people like power?
Why was the st peters bas ilica made?
Why did philanthropists create Georgia?
Why did Constantine convert to christianary?
Why did the FTP end?
Why were the british so interested in controlling the Sudan?
Why does no one know of the Angelics?
Why is freedom of speech and press so important in a democracy?
Why was Joseph brant remain loyal to the Britain?
Why does miss franny block tells about mosquitoes so big they could fly awy with you?
Why was chrisitianity so successful?
Why did US History keeped going after the 1800s?
Why does the Ayatollah Khomeini hate the US?
Why did Hermes side with Greeks during the Trojan war?
Why are you unable to answer questions about Irish history?
Why did Arab expansion in Europe come to a halt?
Why did she eat pomegranet seeds?
Why didnt workers strike more than they did?
Why was the restoration of Stuarts in England important?
Why is globalization spreading so rapidly?
Why did Pangaea become 7 contents?
Why was to his coy mistress written?
Why is John Parker so important?
Why are you able to eat pork now?
Why is madina country important to Muslims?
Why do most people live in providence?
Why did president jefforson decided to send an expendition to the Louisiana territory?
Why is history important to the average American?
Why is god so influential?
Why does Ophuls think that we made a Faustain bargain with nuclar power?
Why did the British control the possesions of the Dutch in the East?
Why is camilla not called princess?
Why do candidates like going to large cities and states with a lot of people?
Why is gallipoli signifcant in your history?
Why is john brown important to history?
Why is Skyler Stammable oh so flammable?
Why has the world distribution of billionaires changed?
Why is cooling an important component of this power generating process?
Why was the proprietary system changed?
Why did the early man made tools?
Why do Mexican families migrate to the US?
Why did the NY people choose the Bluebird?
Why is porn not illegal?
Why is Judge Roy Bean important?
Why does Bangladesh have a higher population than Canada?
Why are we so lucky to be in Canada?
Why would the government get into a effect earlier?
Why would factory owners want to set up factories in other countries?
Why do people consider the practice of gerrymandering unfair?
Why did Hitler forces use blitzkrieg?
Why is William Julius Wilson important?
Why do you think an artist would chose an elephant in the shape of a teapot to represent the rebublicans in a teapot dome scandal cartoon?
Why was legazpi called adelatando of the philiphines?
Why was ww1 significant to Australian history?
Why was it hard to get a job if your a Russian Jew?
Why is equal opportunities an issue?
Why was Osama bin Laden death so important to the US of America?
Why did it take so long to kill Osama bin laden?
Why was torture viewed publicly?
Why did the initial enthusiam for wwi wear off quickly?
Why did the egyptians need to create an insrument called a square and a plumb line?
Why are the Hispanics and the Blacks Dropout are Rates So High?
Why are the beatles so important in the history of rock?
Why is it easier for a partnership to borrow money and to hold good employees than it is for a sale propriorship to be so?
Why do you think Texas wanted to annexed by the united states?
Why did the First Nations want more land?
Why is very important that osama died?
Why are human rights important to keep peace?
Why did the eeic start becoming bankrupt?
Why was the richest and most powerful in the 16th century?
Why did the ss vega com to guernsey?
Why is killing ben laden the biggest catastrophe in US?
Why is horace famous?
Why would Populist Party be strict interpretaion?
Why were these materials used to build petra?
Why do people admire John bidwell?
Why is James William Denver famous?
Why was Galveston important to Texas?
Why were they so different?
Why does Nixon visit china?
Why was the titanic part of Canada history?
Why did the british need another colony?
Why was Nevada and Virginia union states?
Why did the prohibition movement appeals to so many women?
Why does every college require at least one American history class as part of a degree?
Why was San Gabriel mission location was chosen?
Why do pre historic people move from place to place?
Why was the tritone an unnacceptable interval in music?
Why was embargos against Britain and France failed?
Why did the Nazis stop using the einsatzgruppen?
Why were Serbians upset with Francis Ferdinand coming to Serbia?
Why was indigo grown in the southern colonies?
Why was taking over new Orleans a important victory?
Why was the 3 pyramids of Giza built?
Why did Jim Kjelgaard kill himselve?
Why did people move from the country to cities in western Europe in the 19th century?
Why did emperor wing ming become a sameri?
Why is there so little public concern about schooling inequality?
Why was the Christian Kingdom of Axum left independent while Muslim armies conquered surrounding countries?
Why did congaree national park become one?
Why are most people Catholic in Brazil?
Why is the Pentagon Papers case important?
Why was old fort niagara invented?
Why does a corporation sell shares of its business?
Why was huck sickened and dismayed by the outcome?
Why are bank failures a problem?
Why was there more than one name for the black death?
Why is the twin towers in Malaysia like it is?
Why was Dick Cheney a bad leader?
Why is the battle of tippecanoe important to history?
Why is Dermot MacMurrough Significant?
Why is culture important to Gareth Alexander?
Why did during the Alamo commander travis send messages?
Why are African soldiers so violent?
Why is Kashmir a volatile area even today?
Why were people fearful of foreigners in the 1920?
Why did President Polk make the Protocol of Queretaro?
Why is history be any indispensable in your life?
Why did Henry vi stay in power for so long?
Why was the wacc established?
Why did the prophet cleanse the kaaba?
Why were women important at the gold rush?
Why was it given the name middle ages?
Why is the mixture of bronze better than its parts?
Why did buckley move to vandiemans land?
Why was nobility not concerned with education?
Why do dark skin blacks dislike light skinned blacks?
Why did Northern textile mills want more cotton than they used to?
Why are there holes in a sarcophagus?
Why is Max Robespierre remembered?
Why should people vote yes in the referendum?
Why did railroad construction advance as the settlers filled up the great plains?
Why is the hanging of gardens a wonder?
Why does the 15th amendment matter?
Why will not teen suicde rate change?
Why was china isolated for so many centuries?
Why did Thai people come to the us?
Why did the monroe doctrine sing read hand off?
Why is caligula significant today?
Why do loyalists wear white wigs in court?
Why is john deere important to American history?
Why are European farmers decreasing in numbers?
Why are Asian girls so annoying?
Why did the salary from today go up so much since 1925?
Why werent all schools desegregated?
Why is it popular to be a Marxist in the US?
Why were there no photos taken of Lincoln giving the Gettysburg address?
Why has violence occurred in Pakistan?
Why is the 20 note so hard to forge?
Why did the revolutionists go to war?
Why was the 2 Koreas ceated originally?
Why is life in its very essence harmful instead of not?
Why is Nikko listed as a World Heritage Site?
Why did Richard cromwell become the lord protector?
Why is the roman legal system similar to the south African legal system?
Why was Russia important in the taking of japan and what role did they play?
Why is James bonham so important?
Why are hula hoops important in history?
Why did the Albanians come to America?
Why is clean Monday celebrated in Greece?
Why were the Miranda rights started?
Why is America losing its position as a lead country in the areas of scientific development and research?
Why does a political leader need to form a majority government?
Why did they not follow the law for no slaves?
Why does Brutus choose not to kill Antony?
Why is Abraham in the history book?
Why was Hampton roads so important?
Why is the Lincoln Tomb in Springfield IL important to Illinois and the US?
Why was maximus captured?
Why did France want a position in the middle east?
Why is competition important in a capitalist system?
Why is ordinance no xiii of 2002 came?
Why did they create the national urban league?
Why did rube Goldburg come up with his machine?
Why was Uncle Sam chosen to represent Texas?
Why did the Scottish migrate to wales 1800?
Why was the dolphin fresco painted?
Why do LEDCs often suffer worse from conflicts?
Why is queen elizabeth 2 important to socity?
Why does fighting continue in Afghanistan?
Why is Brett power a worthless spook?
Why did Congress override the Water Resources Development Act of 2007?
Why did America and the british fight?
Why was Athens so important in Greek history?
Why do people get married in japan?
Why are dubs known as jackeens?
Why was elelctricity so popular in 1920?
Why is graffiti considered a lack of sense of citezinship?
Why was the draft manipulatable?
Why did France want colonize Niger?
Why is womens day celebrated in russia?
Why dont you have a category about Mexican History?
Why did the kokoda battle begin?
Why is it so important that the tragedy around the ss mendi must be celebrated in south Africa?
Why is Chilean produce so popular in other countries?
Why did John Brown invaded South?
Why did Truman remove MacArthur from power?
Why did Gandhi go to England when he was eighteen years old?
Why did corruption become so widespread during the Gilded Age?
Why do nations establish free trade zones?
Why was Maxamilian Robespierre set out?
Why is Jerry a key to the movie pay it forward?
Why is Anne Sullivan considered a very important American?
Why is South Asia in a enviromental crisis?
Why did the movement occur for the Reformation?
Why was the admission of missori as a state controversial?
Why did the Iroquois change ther location?
Why was the temple of poesidon built?
Why did Annie woodwell do that was historically important?
Why did Christians live?
Why has Ruth First been placed on the side of the opressed?
Why do people pound taro?
Why do you think Robert McNamara made The Fog of War?
Why was the first reform act passed?
Why was the time period 1920 called the best or worst of times?
Why did the people of Russia go along with Joesph Stalin?
Why are the requirements for the senate more demanding?
Why was the west indies federation form?
Why was it a bad thing that francis ferdin die?
Why are some people called brilliant?
Why did some people spend money to build grain mills on the Delaware River?
Why is it symbolic for Ahab to compare himself to the ships mast?
Why dont servants like teachers and doctors dont have the right to strike?
Why did Egyptians travel to Texas?
Why did African often struggle?
Why didnt covits like Patrick Logan?
Why do they only have a bit of water in mali?
Why is the victory of the German in 1954 a miracle?
Why is the light bulb inporntant to history?
Why was the Guadalcanal Campaign started?
Why did manufacturers welcome immigrates between 1840 and 1860 to the us?
Why did atticus accep the tom Robinson case?
Why did Leonardo study what he did?
Why did people travel long ago?
Why did the US go to Iraq in 2002?
Why is Obamo president?
Why were newtons contributions important during their time period?
Why would it be bad if the confederacy had won the battle of Vicksburg?
Why was york called jorvic in viking time?
Why did the Romans settle in bath spa?
Why was the term Gothic once considered to be an insult?
Why do some historians think that print culture created the basis of the French Revolution?
Why have government expendituters increase over time?
Why did Americans believe sam houstons trick?
Why was the Tsar overthrown in Russia?
Why has communism lost popularity among the world?
Why was Africa considered without history?
Why did the east Indians wanted to come to the Caribbean?
Why did Americas agree to annex Texas in 1845?
Why did the Boxers have an uprising?
Why were plantations self sufficient?
Why did John Macarthur send one bale of wool to England?
Why is the difference from day and night of five hours in kashmir?
Why is john curtin important?
Why were Indians organizedas they werein 1941?
Why is memoral day celebrated on a Monday?
Why did detente fall apart?
Why was the battle at spotsylvania fought?
Why were women treated as cheap labour in Edwardian times?
Why was john Moore famous?
Why did countries agree more easily on violations of human rights during the war?
Why were trenches dangerous even though they provided protection from machines guns and snipers?
Why do families move to Detroit?
Why do aluminum bleachers contribute to excessive cold?
Why did Jefferson argue about having a national bank?
Why did protests increase during world war 2?
Why was Bruce McCanandless ii chosen to be the first person on the manned manuvering unit?
Why did American want to stay out of European affairs?
Why did Muslims start wearing garments?
Why is the colour of the upper house green?
Why did it take the cooperation of your entire country to support the war effort?
Why is Joan of Ark remembered?
Why was Antetam not a complete victory?
Why did juanipero serra feel that way for the mission system?
Why are there different societies have different classification systems?
Why did westerners oppose the Bank of US?
Why did Jefferson and Madison fight to have them removed?
Why did Italy became a trade center of trade?
Why did the us call the war the phony war?
Why was the emoticon created?
Why did the suffrage groups in the 1920s fight sohard for the right to vote?
Why would a cspe class want to visit the four courts?
Why did the Chinese want to become farmers?
Why were the food stogages in Germany?
Why did thousands of hoers move north in the great trek?
Why did the civil air patrol happen?
Why do associations work?
Why should the novel child 44 be taught in school?
Why were the negro leagues formed?
Why did the German defensive plan fail?
Why did marjorie kinnan rawlings write yearling?
Why is culture so important in Wisconsin?
Why was assimilation the answer to all problems in the west?
Why is michelangelo one of the most important reaissance figures?
Why is terror and chaos seen as an effective tool for change in the eyes of terrorists?
Why do Mexicans not use lids on cruets?
Why did canals change society?
Why is lil lo so cool?
Why did most people from Germany go to America?
Why was shakesphere such a popular playwright?
Why did colonists want to own beautiful things if they werent useful?
Why did general lee finally surrender to grant?
Why did Perians attaking of the Greek mainland?
Why is Mount Ararat famous?
Why do wealthy people of a poor country support an oligarchy when faced with a communist revolution in their country?
Why was Gaul important?
Why was Raffaello Carboni famous?
Why is it important for citizens to offer their services without pay?
Why do people talk to the sky?
Why did the us want there land and what did they do to get it?
Why did the Chinese abandon overseas exploration in the 1400s?
Why were the foster shocked at what the stranger told them?
Why was errolyn Flynn in Vancouver so often and had affairs with very young girls?
Why was robespierre reign termed has reign of terror?
Why does sunlight hit one point on Stonehenge?
Why was the the huston ship channel constructed?
Why are political leaders not allowed to be authentic human beings?
Why is rainbow bridges landmark so important in Utah?
Why was California a state before New Mexico?
Why do gypsies get married so young?
Why are non ministers called back benches?
Why are they non independent state?
Why did reformers believe education was important?
Why did china ban religion?
Why are most religeous festivals are public holiday?
Why do we discover things?
Why has the roadmap to peace for the middle east failed?
Why did colonies think they could now achieve independence?
Why did Europeans start making their way west?
Why did reformers think that education was important?
Why is the liberty bell an important symbol of the US?
Why is will smith a part of history?
Why does the Catholic Church not allow female priests?
Why did they trade metal?
Why was Robert rede so well known?
Why did Indian kings build strong army?
Why does the US use diplomacy?
Why did corporations hire immigrants over American workers in industrial age?
Why has political instability plagued many developing nations?
Why was metal traded?
Why did president Nixon argue about establishing a new federalism?
Why is reasoning seen as autonomous?
Why was worcester cathedral important in the civil war?
Why was Jesus excuted?
Why did china invent the bank system?
Why did the US resent Castro?
Why is sacred sun famous?
Why was confedrate leader sucsefull at begging of the war?
Why do you honor symbols of your country?
Why did the soviet union divert water from the aral sea?
Why do people migrate to Greece?
Why might political parties be a problem to a new government?
Why is appeasment a word to be feared?
Why was post war America considered to have economy of abundance?
Why was Pol Pot not put on trial?
Why is the water so green in the Niagara falls?
Why was Griffith observatory made?
Why is Ian Frazer a good role model?
Why did mandatory territories gain independence first before other countries?
Why is gaddaifi killing his own people?
Why was the civil war a long and difficult struggle?
Why is some terrorism carried out soft targets as opposed to military or political ones?
Why did hushamubarak has rejected?
Why did ravan kidnep devi janki?
Why did the Ottomans allow Christians and Jews to organize into millets?
Why were the spanish were interesdted in colonies in the Americas?
Why did shri ram go to forest?
Why do people choose Autumn?
Why was Dunstable Priory bigger in medeval times?
Why are major conflicts rare in band societies?
Why is Spain so powerful in 1550?
Why did Communism and Nazism fail but absolute monarchs established long term regimes?
Why do the farm workers of different nationalities live in separate camps?
Why was the heart of the ocean created for the titanic?
Why is the clay army lined up in rows?
Why did Carlo Azeglio Ciampi become president in 1999?
Why is America the number one World leader country?
Why dose china have a president and a prime minister?
Why were southern democrats opposed to reconstruction?
Why is the provenance of source useful to an historian?
Why did the Americans introduce marshal plan?
Why did the Chinese have little knowledge for other people?
Why did the US want to end secret treaties between countries?
Why did the US want to set up the League of countries?
Why were black churches so important?
Why was the Compromise of 1877 important to American history?
Why do to need Philippine narratives?
Why did cato reject Hellenistic philosophy?
Why is the Trinidad flag red white and black?
Why did Nickolas Copernicus propsoe a new model?
Why might the coastal areas and islands of southeast Asia have more contact with the outside world?
Why did the US try to extend its influence to the world?
Why did the taino and carib peoples of the Caribbean area disappear by 1812?
Why is the study of society is the study of enternity?
Why do you call thomasville thomasvill?
Why did the civil war forever change the nation?
Why did many African Americans move to claifornia?
Why is there a need for equality?
Why are crimes increasing among women in the US?
Why did American colonists believe that they needed to break free of british rule?
Why did Spain change its government from republic to dictator rule?
Why did cordell hull created nobel peace?
Why did Kennedy authorize a military buildup to show the US would not be bullied bu the soviets?
Why is the study of humanities is the study of eternity?
Why is humanities humanizing human?
Why is robespierre so important?
Why was robespierre killed full reason?
Why did the flowerchildren die?
Why is Midwest important to the us?
Why is it importances of study socialscience till secondary level?
Why is gold used in sillicon chips?
Why is letter important in drafting?
Why are there two different groups of legislators?
Why did Johnson veto his own plan?
Why did so many people move to the cities?
Why did the Republicans to lose the 1912 election?
Why is America a target for terrorists?
Why did ancient punishment have to be painful?
Why was capital punishment imposed so frequently in ancient societies?
Why do Portuguese eat so much cod fish?
Why is it important that wheat is sustained for future generations?
Why is philosophy born?
Why would the people of Cambodia build their homes this way?
Why is the town of Cnterbury considered the English religious it there?
Why were many people in the US opposed to the vietman war?
Why did Trinidad and tobago change their republic date from 1st august to 24th august?
Why was a policy of isolationism a good move for US new nation in 1796?
Why was the Gettysburg address so short?
Why should the government intervene in the market operation?
Why do Philippines have many epic stories than other countries?
Why do politicians tell lies most of the time?
Why would christian areas in AD 325 be located near cities and along rivers?
Why do people get Purnished?
Why was there an economic crisis in Zimbabwe during the early 1900s?
Why did the gods create Enkindu?
Why does the government sometimes give monoply power to a company by issuing a patent?
Why was the progressive movement was aimed at attracting people to move t Washington?
Why would a pixie have wings?
Why is reference to longitude required to calculate time?
Why did the snowy river scheme start?
Why is it important to know the different directions?
Why does pds keep increasing?
Why were all the wars held in galipoli?
Why did Thales came up that the arche is water?
Why do you have Philippine narrative?
Why did you choose to write from the perspective of a pirate or Puritan?
Why is the year of 1877 more important to the people in the south then any where else in the country?
Why was the capoeira first performed?
Why do the ones in the north east not like the nonintercourse act?
Why is there a need for BS BM studentslike you to be good in communicating especially in English?
Why is 25th June ladies day?
Why does the stein remain if put detergent?
Why might their have been regression after the roman period?
Why do sociologist tell us that culture is dynamic?
Why is there a need for business management students to be good in communicating especially in English?
Why do the Illuminati want to establish the New world order?
Why is the us capitol important to citizens?
Why does the fragmentation of government accentuate the forces of pluralism?
Why is it that if connotation increases the denotation decreases?
Why do they fight in war?
Why is the Kingdom of Kush revelant to history?
Why does wesley find fault with the prevailing theory of black incompetence?
Why was robespierre hated french revolution?
Why did the people feel threatened with the emergence of women writers?
Why are people distriuted diffrerenty?
Why did the congress passed the labor law in 1864?
Why is the paradox important?
Why should I write a narrative story?
Why was Curt Gowdy throwing rocks at PMM?
Why do we have to leave tradition for development?
Why is hillsbro intrasting?
Why did the Palestinian Liberation Organization set up in southern Lebanon?
Why do you believe the statement you gave in item?
Why do you need to study history before geography?
Why were British men who were over the age of 21 given the right to vote before Aboriginal people and women?
Why is differential opportunity theory important?
Why is routine activities theory important?
Why did Joshua only remove one shoe?
Why was Venice an important city in the 17th century?
Why was Egyptian surgery so good?
Why did people want the Catholic reformed and who led it?
Why was the NSTP establish?
Why does society affects the human behavior to commit crime?
Why is kurukshetra famous?
Why is not used the foundational models of discipline?
Why was Ethiopia not under colonial rule?
Why would an army have its headquarters in a citadel?
Why did saladin win the battle of hattin?
Why was sunny delight launched in the UK?
Why did Japanese printing scare the government?
Why do you think Hollywood film industry alows Chinese artists to penetrate in their film?
Why does the BSP limits the circulation of money?
Why do you use landmark as bc?
Why should you keep the beacon clear?
Why did King Edward VII brand Captain Joe Capilano a trouble maker?
Why should people accept political power?
Why did Aztecs leave homeland in search of new one?
Why is the year 1697 so important in the UK?
Why are navigation Acts important to history?
Why do you like cosplay?
Why was Marie Antonette Exercuted?
Why should study idealism?
Why do courts of appeals exist?
Why is gandhi known as father of the nation?
Why was billy the kid important in the history of the American west?
Why did the Spaniards came to your shores?
Why did Emilio Aguinaldo go to Spain?
Why did cattle barons hire gunfighter to hunt down rustlers?
Why do you need RELIGEON?
Why did the juhoansi build houses in a circle?
Why do some countries adopt the unitary system of government?
Why did africans and aisians write before anybody else did?
Why was a street in Florida named in isaac beshevis singer honor?
Why is if so important to people?
Why is it that Phil a considered that has a unique politics History?
Why is general assembly not democratic in nature?
Why do you want to live at the modern age?
Why do you think the people were drawn to the beliefs of Calvin?
Why did people hate Megan meier?
Why was they called the colt 45s?
Why should you preserve Rashtrapati Bhavan?
Why were baileys added to the castles?
Why is the mirror so mounted that it can be turned in all direction?
Why are there no videos anywhere on the internet of Joe Piscopo as his Paulie Herman character from Saturday Night Live?
Why do Philippines experienced rainy seasons during the months of June to November?
Why was the combat racism so popular?
Why did Europe went on a voyage of exploration?
Why do you say that humans have culture whereas lower animals do not develop a culture?
Why were eurpoeans monarchs worried about their colonies in america?
Why is was baseball a white man sport?
Why are gay people not convicted of their sin?
Why is muders creek road called muders creek road?
Why did claudia and jamie run away from home?
Why is it that China has bigger population than Philippines?
Why was Lord Selkirk said to be unrealistic idealist?
Why was the New World important?
Why did the 10 percent plan that lincoln wrote did not work?
Why did early filipinos choose to live near the bodies of water?
Why does answers dot com seem to have a liberal bias?
Why did people think you had to write with your right hand?
Why did bucksnort change its name from mimosa?
Why was precious green stones for carving?
Why was core population favored by scholar scientist?
Why do gypsies like to travel?
Why was the war powers act important to congressional and presidential infuence over foreign policy?
Why do you think is international understanding important?
Why is it that the Philippines was said to be an amalgam of races?
Why did nwmp change name?
Why do people dine out?
Why are the Germans are not proud of their legacy?
Why was maximilien robespierre hated?
Why were there a rivalry between Portugal and Spain?
Why are high seas three miles away from a nations?
Why was qutbuddin aibak known as lakhbhaksh?
Why are there sinks in old bedrooms?
Why does the government require you to wear a seatbelt while driving?
Why do the ancient Egyptians worshipped the Nile as a god?
Why did Rizal decide to return home?
Why do some people hate Texans?
Why were the federalists so important?
Why would you use the skill of hiistorical imagination?
Why do asian people go on QQ all the time?
Why do population are getting many?
Why do you think their cultures appeared to mesh rather than clash?
Why did the experiment of token currency of Muhammad bin Tughlaq fail?
Why was zuse so important to the greeks?
Why was rome a big part of civilisation?
Why was language invented?
Why did the tribes practice jhum cultivation?
Why did the filipinos lack of unity?
Why is geographich important in history class?
Why is the water bird important to the egyptians?
Why does mista courifer value certain english style more than african ones?
Why do your ancestors love to share stories before?
Why does the ashtray is place at the top right of the table?
Why does John Locke use the State of nature to define political power?
Why is race considered a social construct?
Why did british take over US?
Why is the logo of wiki answers a boy and girl?
Why did the struggle between York and Lancaster last so long?
Why did Venice and Florence lose control of European trade?
Why does Fukuyama think that you are at the end of history?
Why is history a study of progress and decline?
Why does governmental recommendation is important?
Why is many cities located by water?
Why is it recommended to the congress effective measures to minimize election spending including limitation of places where propaganda materials shall be posted and to prevent and penalized all forms?
Why wouldnt people want to live in jamestown?
Why is georgraphy important to history?
Why is it that Africa is educated yet very poor?
Why was the great collaboration destined to become the great competition?
Why were the british settlers unhappy with the way pequots organized their economy and relationship to the land?
Why would anyone wish to build a civilization in the middle of the desert in what is lower Iraq?
Why do the author podcasts tell you about the content of the assigned chapters?
Why did portuguese colonies fail to archive independence in peaceful means?
Why was the bill of right wirtten?
Why is it important to know the first people in th earth?
Why does cotton grow in some areas and not in others?
Why was the check and balences incorporated in the constitution?
Why is it that the city hall is important by the tourist?
Why was the colossue built?
Why is Sir paul Reeves a hero?
Why is doris Buchanan smith famous for?
Why did the colonists first accept and later reject indirect taxes such as duties on trae?
Why are aids mostly rural issue in africa?
Why was Dante selected to deliver the letter for Bonaparte?
Why did the french set up trading ports in canada?
Why is the pealian reform important?
Why was paper money established?
Why did the polish need access to the sea in 1939?
Why is it significant that much of the nation wealth was owned by a small number of people?
Why do guerrilla armies fight?
Why is that scientific outlook an importnt advance in the history of western civilization?
Why is child labor important in history?
Why should you share your history with your children?
Why is important to prepare for school?
Why did scribes have a major role in the government of ancient civilizations?
Why did people invent track?
Why did the invention of farming lead to the creation of the villages and towns?
Why do people in india want more than one son?
Why was geography important during the battle of yorktown?
Why were some people pro American and some were pro British?
Why is solon important in history?
Why was tuwaang became the source of conflict?
Why do the people that play clonewars adventures lose all their freinds?
Why does the american flag go up fast and come down slow?
Why are government systems evictent in all societys and what the key role of government?
Why did the archac period turned into the woodland period?
Why does australia have willy willies?
Why was there a move to unite the states under a federal government?
Why was the trade with neighbors an important part of trade?
Why is thatdate important in hawaiian history?
Why is hatshepsut body orange?
Why are civilizations settled by bodies of water?
Why did congress creat the freedmans bureau in 1865?
Why are newspapers related to the history of the US?
Why is geography important in the 21st century?
Why were the wests rich deposits of gold silver and copper important?
Why is john smith important to history?
Why is nathaniel bacon important to history?
Why do you think philippines is a gateway to asia?
Why was otzi the iceman so high in the italian alps?
Why was indira against Bhindranwale?
Why was the timawa class considered the masses?
Why do certain people in Louisiana speak French?
Why are the first letters of the constitution larger?
Why does the declaration largely consist of complaints against British government?
Why did the coahuiltecan live in wikiups?
Why did the deist believe that with the gift of reason they can pefect themselves?
Why is amundsen famous in history?
Why are maps important in studying history?
Why was Bleeding Kansas important in history?
Why did the USSR want to allow the Jewish people into palistine during the British mandate?
Why is the term civic important to the history of democracy?
Why is chocolate a sweet sample of columbian exchange?
Why do you learn about your history?
Why do kids in school learn about history?
Why was the trade route from portugual to india to africa instead of across the mederteranian sea?
Why is sudan out of date on an atlas?
Why do railroads run east to west?
Why is the large size of Texas a problem?
Why are philosophers importaint to history?
Why were the persians famous?
Why did the egiptians think life after death is simular to life on earth?
Why is it important to learn about american history?
Why was cotton popular and easy to grow and transpot?
Why was the stamp act important in history?
Why would someone want to know more about their family history?
Why is Bloemfontein known as the Official Head state of Free State?
Why is march 5 1842 so important to texas history?
Why are stories told?
Why was crawley built?
Why can we change our government?
Why is Chinese paladin so sad?
Why is Benedict Arnold important in history?
Why was mesopotamia considered a successful cilvilazation?
Why do scentits use celisicles and frenhight the most for weather?
Why did loyalists appose independence from britain?
Why do you think history is a mandatory course?
Why is an opportunity better than guarantee?
Why was the mana party formed?
Why did the women have to work for the men in 1950s?
Why is colonel Gaddafi refusing to leave power?
Why is body line a historical event?
Why was Jardins de Bagatelle built?
Why would the colonization of Carolina benefit Spain France and England?
Why was history very intresting in history?
Why was the Civil War a test of the supreme law of the land?
Why did montesquieu establish the separation of powers?
Why were the first people to settle in the caribbean refered to as amerindians?
Why did Terry Fox call his run a marathon of hope?
Why is Chechnya but not Tasmania wracked by insurgency?
Why does the emperor want to honor Mulan?
Why would you read a history book?
Why do afrikaners refer to blacks as bantu?
Why do historians often create chronologies?
Why is fire non living?
Why would a coach need history?
Why do human geographers need to be familiar with climatology?
Why did many english colonists want to come the the amricas in the late 1500?
Why is an article writing a famous explorer considered a secondary source?
Why does 911 scare you so bad?
Why did it have more appeal How were they similar to those established by the Jacobins in France in 1793 Where were the differences?
Why should you care about earth?
Why did Mabini advice Aguinaldo to retain the revolutionary government?
Why are there low levels of production in the caribbean region?
Why were Docks easy to build?
Why is the cryptic era called the cryptic era?
Why didnt many women fly planes in old days?
Why is america so important to you?
Why is Saga significant to US History?
Why do people feel happy about america?
Why are pagans important in history?
Why is it good to be in forenics?
Why was the highkacker able to fly flight 77?
Why did people of Greece join together in groups?
Why might some people avoid dealing with an issue in a logical way?
Why did David Diop say beautiful black blood then is he proud of his people?
Why do they call the line state the line state?
Why did you are in this world?
Why was Plutarch important?
Why is Bartholomew important to Salvation history?
Why was lexington used?
Why do primary sources often lack insight into the event being described?
Why did the mo hawk indians hunt in groups?
Why did the abacus go away?
Why were the portrait statues so important to the Egyptians?
Why did Yuri gagarin want to explore space?
Why was early Europe divided into many city states?
Why do goegraphers rely heavily on satellites to gather geographic data?
Why were the priest careful about their teaching?
Why were European maps inaccurate?
Why is john lock important to America?
Why did jamacian people come to the US?
Why was Constantine an important emperor in the roman empire?
Why did the Americans decide to fight the British starting in 1775?
Why was it easier for women to take part in the earlier stages of the?
Why do US citizens consider Pakistanis as Terrorists?
Why did globalisation slow down at the begginning of 20th century?
Why is familymedical history an important feature of health history?
Why is the risk of being burgled in rural areas lower?
Why was the division of labor created in ancient mesopotamia?
Why is a mermorial important to create?
Why was 3 crops in the same field?
Why did the Aztecs offer so many different type of sacrifices?
Why did Samuel Adams protest that colonists were being treated like tributary slaves?
Why did the Hammurabi order and justice to society?
Why did the siberians migrate to the American continent 30 000 years ago?
Why are the lifestyles of the northwest and the northeast similar to each other?
Why did the filipino American was erupt?
Why are Russians not able to use their natural resources?
Why did Quakers believe ministers and a bible were not needed to know God?
Why did humans 10000 years ago have to start learning how to grow their own food?
Why did christopher Columbus think that the westernt route was a shorter route to take?
Why did Emilio fernando Azcarraga Jean become famous?
Why does singing motivate you?
Why did the church of England keep so many traditional rules?
Why did some states want a bill of rights added to the constitusion?
Why was general mcclellan a failure during the war?
Why is Judaism lowly regarded?
Why is Lake Chelan so cold?
Why was the England not part of the colonization in the 1500s?
Why did the jamacan motto change?
Why was Egypt given its name?
Why do you think roman citizenship was consider such a great honor?
Why is there terrorism today?
Why did society have a need for typewriting?
Why is san fransico church and plaza important?
Why is the historical park important in Ecuador?
Why were women known as suffragettes?
Why did the bank of the US become an political issue?
Why might some citizens be against municipal annexation?
Why did lao tzu compared best human to water?
Why is a good reason to be in a productive studio club as a student?
Why is herny 8th well known kings of England?
Why is there an economic conflict around the world?
Why should one person have more property than another?
Why did humanists stress the importance of a sound mind and body?
Why do historians study to reconstruct the past?
Why do nomads live in this manner?
Why do states have reserves?
Why was lumber an important natural resource for the Phoenicians?
Why has globilization come about?
Why are gangs qualified as subculture?
Why did they started cheerleadeing?
Why did Kit Carson become part of the campaign against the Navajo?
Why were the the olympic games held?
Why did the yakima tribe put the grass on top of there underground homes?
Why is trishaw so interesting?
Why were theTaianos economically stabled?
Why did king Louie get his head cut off?
Why is history controversial?
Why do you like videos of geographical interest?
Why was mining the key to understanding the settlement of the far west?
Why might the wealthy people of a poor country support an oligachy when faced with a communist revolution in their country?
Why did automobiles have such a big impact on suburbanization?
Why is soverignty one of the most important word used when describing your government?
Why did James ll lose power and how did William and Mary come to power in 1688?
Why is the equator in the center of the earth?
Why are you arranging on the earths surface?
Why did the workers go on strike and begin to form trade?
Why do people feel the constitutional convention was a conspiracy to the rich to take power from the poor?
Why did the English have more trouble than the french getting along with the indians?
Why was Jose Rizal insist that one must live by example?
Why are Canadian Soldiers always on the edge in Kandahar?
Why do people increasingly view the world as a whole?
Why do you think immigration is such a major issue in our country?
Why did Elisabeth 1 change religion?
Why did change occur slowly for most Europeans?
Why did the spanish want to find the seven cities?
Why did the system of feudalism emerge?
Why does functionalism hold that it is important to socialize children?
Why did framers give congress the power to define federal crimes and set punishment to violators of the federal law rather than to the states?
Why did babur loved nature?
Why did the northern states used to have more power than the southern states?
Why did some colonies become more dependent on slavery than others?
Why do you have mums for homecomming?
Why wasnt popular sovereignty a good idea?
Why would people visit a castle?
Why do countries take down trade barriers?
Why did religious protests increase during the 1500?
Why did city states get along?
Why was the land causing representative democracy in the colonies?
Why did Emilio aguinaldo died?
Why did the Inca empire extend north and south and not east?
Why does it seem that comedians like Lenny Bruce find themselves at the forefront of discussions of civil liberties?
Why is human ingenuity important?
Why did the story of the flood had only one god?
Why did some cultural groups has fewer people?
Why was the battle of badr so important?
Why does the sky appear black to astronaut?
Why is Rizal death mean for reform?
Why was there a war in Europe in 1999?
Why were the Tainos and Kalinogos considered to be subsistence farmers?
Why does America follow the constitution?
Why would abominations happen more so in a forest during Puritan times than anywhere else?
Why was the last nawab mansoor ali khan pataudi?
Why is it the rich are the only ones who can run for political office?
Why is it important that the care worker has an awareness of discrimination?
Why were women given voting rights much later than men in most country?
Why would journeys of the Phoenicians prove to be so important?
Why did bishop john fisher die?
Why were social divisions were more persistent in some civilizations than others?
Why would geography have helped create an independent spirit in the backcountry in 1750?
Why were Europian nations able to again colinies in the 1800s?
Why is Germany likely to have good marketing?
Why is Germany likely to have good marketing in which to sell its goods in future years?
Why does the Earth have days?
Why was the cripps mision of 1942 unsucessful?
Why were the bosworth fighting with each other?
Why did Cleveland make the statement unjust taxation?
Why is it bad to explore?
Why did they keep the seconed conantile congress a secret?
Why did spartan society revolved around tranning?
Why did John Calvin Believe in Public Education?
Why did the Dutch attack New Sweden?
Why is energy never destroyed?
Why was the vernacular an important change?
Why is dominican located where it is?
Why did O Henry get arrested in 1896?
Why did the witan reject reject the three other claimants for king?
Why does longitude matter?
Why are features important?
Why was England known as The Black Country?
Why didnt the migrant workers fight back when they were poorly treated by large growers?
Why did people during the ice age keep moving?
Why did the Spain lose interest in Texas?
Why did hurricane Irene 2011 occur?
Why does the confederacy face a food shortage due to the drain of manpower into the army?
Why is KY called the gateway to the south?
Why are they interested in financial?
Why did various Arab tribes attempt to leave the ummah?
Why did Congress require States to allow votes registration by mail?
Why is maize a good example of human creation?
Why do people move to Cairo Egypt?
Why is Lincolns statue put where it is now?
Why did people move to Pennsylvannia?
Why were the European monarchies concerned about their colonies in the north and south America?
Why are scales useful?
Why did Native Americans help the French and British rivalry?
Why did Mobutu Sese Seko begin to lose control of the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
Why was robespierre condemned?
Why should Pakistan leave the IMF programme?
Why did the republican party come into existence?
Why did Anderson write the little match girl?
Why do people live in group?
Why did the US have a strained relationship with Europe in the 1790s?
Why might the framers have included standards in the constitution that each territory must meet?
Why is Granada so popular for tourists?
Why does America eat less proteins than the UK?
Why was the civil war confusing for the soldiers?
Why does the Legislative Assembly enjoy more power than the counicl?
Why might Spain and portugual have been willing to go to war over the issue of overseas exploration?
Why did tensions arise between colonial congregations of the 1740s and 1750s?
Why did Robespierre take control?
Why is that?
Why was the coffee pot invented?
Why is the Guillemot Called a Guillemot?
Why was Pittsburgh Pennsylvania important in the Reconstruction?
Why is Ricardo J Alfaro so important?
Why did the homosapians believe to cross the bering strait legend?
Why did Archimedes invent all of the inventions he did?
Why was France going to war with the other countries during the Revolution?
Why were the corcive acts nessasary?
Why did trade by ship began along the Rhine?
Why are cornhusk dolls usually made wiithout a face?
Why is Italys real name Italian republic?
Why did Siddartha Gautama travel around the world?
Why was the has be made?
Why do purity and brightness sum up the ethos of shintoism?
Why did the vandals cross so many bodies of water?
Why is the setting important to the earthquake terror?
Why did gorge Manson oppose stampact?
Why did the federalists oppose the aquiring of Canada?
Why was Egypt unable to become an industrial nation?
Why did some consider john Locke to be a radical?
Why was Eden Park opened?
Why is Micheal off wind?
Why would an artifact be returned to the site after being studied?
Why is Halym Salomon considered a hero of the revolution?
Why did Edward Braddock land near mount vernon?
Why did Grendel hate to hear the soldiers in the hall having a good time?
Why is respiration important to organic organism?
Why did people stop using covered wagons?
Why would weak central government that had no power to tax or enforce laws cause problems?
Why is the Homestead strike important to this day?
Why are the saints purple?
Why would the development of government be necessary in early cities?
Why did China choose to adopt a policy of isolation during its Golden Age?
Why did the angry princess comite suicide?
Why did girls in the 1960 where makeup?
Why did the minutemen attack the british?
Why did the Italians settle in America?
Why was pound maker important in history?
Why did peruvians come to America?
Why did sungusungu movement fell in the 1990s?
Why did the Jews choose Britain in 1066?
Why was the satellite falling?
Why is it that leftists in the US who are trying to destroy capitalism think that they will be so much better off under communism?
Why was Germany poor in 1920?
Why do many African Americans toil in silence rather subject themselves to judjements of others?
Why does Rudolf rassendyll settle in the estate of chateau of tarlenheim novel prisoner of zenda?
Why was the work of muckrakers so effective in bringing about reform?
Why did deflation between 1865 and 1867 cause so much controversy and tension for employees?
Why did FoxNews begin a Latino page?
Why does Duke of Devonshire live in Derbyshire?
Why do you need the British monarchy?
Why are skulls important to the day of the dead?
Why does tan discuss the SAT and her performance on it?
Why do historians have to evaulate the primary and secondary resources the use to answer their questions?
Why were there only 2 kinds of dramas in ancient Greece?
Why was freedom of press important in the 17th century?
Why is the family considered the bask social construction?
Why did voluntary migration happen?
Why was fray damian massanet important?
Why is it called a column Was it published somewhere If so when and where?
Why is it important to study the evolution of corrections?
Why do you have state govermentsin the USa?
Why was colonization necessary?
Why is writing so important to the people of ancient china?
Why did the early visitors travel from place to place?
Why was the pendleton act invented?
Why is the south Korea an overpopulated country?
Why did European expansion happen during the age of exploration?
Why do people migrate from Nepal to other countries?
Why did it almost take fifty years before the eight hour workday became law?
Why did Greeks want to expand to other areas?
Why was the Stamp Act disliked?
Why was naples an important trade centre during the 1500?
Why was it important to Justinian to be portrayed as both priest and king?
Why did support shift from Parliament to the king?
Why did sir syed ahmad khan thought that education was important for Muslims?
Why was capitol hill the capitol of the unitied states?
Why is Peru a significant Latin American country?
Why did patrocules want to go to battle?
Why did the renaissance have to happen before voyyages of discovery could take place?
Why was the FAA important?
Why did the Americans win the battle with Yorktown?
Why does Bruno not like out with at first?
Why is modern civilization much better to live in?
Why was sharecrooping brought about?
Why did the federal government use laissez faire approach to big business?
Why was writinginventedin ancient civilizacion?
Why did martin de leon move to texas?
Why was it important that Muhummad was spread by?
Why is Abraham darby so great?
Why was Joseph thrown in prison?
Why are towns and cities often located by a body of water?
Why did angel begin to be bad and make devils?
Why did city states form in Mesopotamia and Greece but not India and china?
Why do the mosques in west Africa vary from those built in the Middle East?
Why was Canvas Town created?
Why did Elie depate whether to stay in the hospital?
Why did coronados expedition cause Spain to lose some intrest in the Texas region?
Why did you select this artifat?
Why did trade flourish under the Abbasid caliphate?
Why were people moving into the book country?
Why did ancient Egypt need slaves?
Why was Tenochtitlan Built atop a series of islands in Lake Texcoco?
Why is some reasons sargon is important?
Why are legends important to culture?
Why does Cornwall council exist?
Why do some people called Morgan vanderbilt and carnwegie Rockefeller the industrial giant?
Why did the Lakota make their tipis bigger?
Why do Jews celebrate their victory over the Romans?
Why is it difficult to defeat an incumbent in a Congressional race?
Why did pastoralism become nomads?
Why did the knox split from Calvin?
Why did the Philippines become the colony of Spain?
Why is ernest shackleton important to America?
Why is estavanico important to America?
Why is Tomochichi so important to the history of Georgia?
Why was Another country by James Baldwin banned?
Why would a person assassinate a person for wealth?
Why is development ambiguous?
Why are 18th century wigs called powdered wigs?
Why was pennsyvannia setteled?
Why didnt enimes like the neo Babyloian empire?
Why were furs popular?
Why does the clan mother choose the chief in eastern woodland?
Why did most factories start in New England?
Why did pioneers often regard the washingtons environment as an adversary?
Why did it take so long to defeat boudica?
Why is payment into FICA stopped at specific amounts?
Why did Britain grant independence to the Caribbean colonies?
Why is Texas worth less than a vote in Montana?
Why was the moabite stone such an important discovery?
Why do governments implement policies?
Why would a group want cultural change?
Why would Parliament after so many reforms continue to support the monarchy?
Why is an ethics of being preferable according to Chan?
Why is iron called backbone of industrial development?
Why did bran eat bruces dinner even though he had already stuffed his face in the buildin?
Why were the Land Ordinance and Northwest Ordinance important?
Why was revolution of 1800 so important?
Why was cabrillo remembered?
Why was John Calvin admired?
Why should church and state be separate in America?
Why did King George the 111 cut off trade to all parts of the world?
Why does socrates seem to show such a lack of respect for the legal and medical professions?
Why did the homestead strike fail?
Why did the lucayans paint their faces?
Why did the US have a unitary system?
Why did Congress inability to regulate trade with England create problems after the war?
Why is basilica of stbasil the blessed importantcom?
Why would it be bad to have power in 1534?
Why might politicians and citizens want less bureaucracy?
Why have the Arabs never been conquered by any world powers?
Why did Malcolm get fired from his job oin the train?
Why is Chloe so weird?
Why did george greenville try to impose taxes?
Why was not a colony established in the the Ladrones for the first 150 years?
Why did the ferderalists oppose the democratic repoblican society?
Why was the chavin civilization important to Peru?
Why did molly pitchers parents leave Germany?
Why did the fertile crescent was an ideal for nomadic people?
Why are blacks still excluded from society?
Why are herds important to nomads?
Why was Canaan was best place to live in1950bc?
Why did samuel sharp believe that slavery was wrong?
Why do you think the first revolts of 1830 and 1848 break out in France rather than in another country?
Why did you need chimney sweeps in Victorian times?
Why did the Mayas colapce?
Why is the percentage of Muslims in Pakistan so high?
Why was it bad to have a small door in the Anglo saxon times?
Why doesnt a nucules more then one proon nuestrions exisyt?
Why was hl mencken hated?
Why did the colonists wait for more than a year after Lexington and Concord to declare independence?
Why did settlers build their city on a plateau?
Why did some people migrate in new England Connecticut?
Why did Berlin have to turn their lights out in the holocaust?
Why do you think indias system of numbers is thought to be the greatest gift?
Why do you remember some memories so well and why is it that you do?
Why were there so many wars in anciet mesopotamia?
Why was trading routes important to the europens?
Why did England try to steal Quebec?
Why was pharaoh senusret 1 important?
Why do you study take a naturalization test?
Why was valeriano weyler sent to cuba?
Why did the Europeans actually want war?
Why did Hernando kill people?
Why was the idea of rags to riches a result of industrialization?
Why did New Amsterdam and Fort Orange become a financially successful part of western New York?
Why do some governments ban books and imprison authors?
Why did the king send armies to America?
Why did sundiata rule?
Why do the Sioux celebrate the Ghost Dance?
Why are there so many Cubans in Miami?
Why did men approve of woman being nurses?
Why is the ghost in hamlet only appears at night and at the window?
Why did the KKK commit these actions?
Why did FDR not join the British in 1938?
Why was John Macarthur significant in Australian history?
Why are there so many banks in Luxemburg?
Why is a system of currency exchange important to the international trade?
Why did sarkozy stop religious study in France?
Why was Minor White significantly important?
Why did Confucius want an important position in th government?
Why did France name Louisiana after king Louis xiv?
Why was it black and white in the old times?
Why is history to do with diversity?
Why did it take so long for the deck guns to begin responding to the japenese attack?
Why was the new guillotine a good thing for those condemned to die?
Why is the encomiendia system important?
Why did japan not fight that much in world war1?
Why was earl of strafford unpopular in 1640?
Why were business inventories rising during the 1930?
Why did the taliban initially have the support of the population of Afghanistan?
Why were the cherkees moved?
Why does the death penalty make the family of the family sad?
Why do historians need to be worried about reports with bias in them?
Why would a ruler like chandragupta change his name and issure come showing him fighting lions?
Why are the more than 100 agean islands between mainland Greece and crete known as the cyclades?
Why was the US against imperialism?
Why is it vital to have a navy if you have an empire?
Why is representation in a legislature important?
Why did the Germans want to know were all of the Jews where?
Why isnt my ROMANIAN Money Una Mie Lei any good anymore How can they change to new money and say the old is no good I dont want to trade this money I want what it was worth up to 99?
Why was art used during the ancient civilization?
Why is secularist of thought important?
Why were the Americans mad about paying British taxes even though they were British citizens?
Why did the anishinabeg separate into the three fires confederacy?
Why is mass culture often described as a demmocratic phenomenon?
Why did john jay and the others supppot the new constitution?
Why did Oklahoma have a small number of native Americans in 1600 but a large number in 2000?
Why is the cumberland gap inmportant to Tennessee?
Why did Americans want to remain neutral in the french revolution?
Why was the Albany plan a example of a representative government?
Why is cancda characterized as a mosaic?
Why were Civil Settlements built?
Why was indirect rule introduced to northern rhodesia?
Why was John Curtin called bumble?
Why is US foreign policy different in different regions of the world?
Why was the Toledo Maya cultural council form?
Why is vally forge important to the history of PA?
Why is novemver 7 a holyday?
Why did the Apache People live in Arizona?
Why did the second great awakening inspire so many new religions and sects?
Why was the remiliterisation of the rhineland not as bad as the anschluss?
Why did mararet thacher start persevering?
Why did the US stop taking Cubans?
Why did they stop using alchemy?
Why are you effectively paralyzed while dreaming?
Why did Charles Cameron Kingston want SA to join the new federation?
Why did some northerners opposed the war?
Why is music important in chinease culture?
Why is the French Riviera known for being a landmark?
Why do you have more information about twentieth century disasters?
Why do the English and normans hate each other?
Why did Populist want the US to move from a currency backed by gold to one backed by both gold and silver?
Why were the Exclusion Laws enacted in the Oregon Territory?
Why did Leona want to plant the goldenrod?
Why were the british alwaysgiven better jobs and more promotions than the Indians?
Why is god save the queen as your national anthem?
Why do you still talk about molly pitcher?
Why is montag surprised when the fire truck stops at the alarm destination at the end of part 2?
Why did President George Washington did not want this country to go down hill?
Why do you think people are interested in learning about their roots?
Why did Isaac Rosenburg write the trenches?
Why is cempasuchil the frower of the day of the deaths?
Why is Pat Boone doing commercials?
Why are new immigrants considered new?
Why was the old system in china replaced in 1911?
Why did the grey lady hang herself?
Why was kentuckys summer vacation shortened?
Why do Turkish perferate their victims belly buttons?
Why does having a system of writing make it easier to conduct businesses?
Why did many people come to believe that the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few people was a threat to democracy?
Why was sharecropping not profitabled?
Why do Filipinos made a monument for Douglas Macarthur?
Why did civiliazation develop in mespptamia?
Why did people call religious reformers protestants?
Why is fort sainte Anna famous?
Why was bread buried with a modern day pharaoh?
Why are tessellations in buildings?
Why were ife art created?
Why were nok art created?
Why is important to relax?
Why did conquered people have to pay tribute?
Why was Alvin York significant?
Why did people wear clamshell necklaces?
Why are the concepts of race and ethnic groups sometimes confused?
Why did Napoleon support Robespierre?
Why was it so important that he was removed as president?
Why is north antrim important to the spanish armada?
Why did consumers change in the 1920?
Why would farmers in the 30s be called selfish?
Why did the lighthouses line the coasts of the new England region?
Why are the main cities in Maryland considered the main ones?
Why did India an the chinease develop where they did?
Why is uranus purple and blue?
Why did the other European countries jealous Spain?
Why do you swap valencies in a formula?
Why did Chinese refer to outsiders as barbarians?
Why did ashoka embrace bhuddhism?
Why did people like Glenn Miller so much?
Why were some afraid of a stronger national government?
Why is Orpheum an appropriate name for a theater?
Why was father junipero serra five foot two?
Why do historians rely on the work of archaeologist to write history of ancient America?
Why was the war with America unpopular with many Englishmen?
Why do you still remember jaun bautista de anza today?
Why is the Marin County Civic Center in San Rafael?
Why did most Common people gain the right to vote in the Election of 1828?
Why are not unions prosecuted for violence?
Why was thomas nast important during the gilded age?
Why does Islamic religious art usebstract figures rather than representations of livings beings?
Why is the dust bowl so important to the US?
Why did Philip sheridan dislike the plains Indians?
Why does Pierre trudeau ware white roses?
Why are free speech and free press important in a democracy?
Why did copies of christian books survive?
Why were protest effective in changing civil rights policies?
Why should be moral by david hume?
Why were the north Americans considered pagans?
Why was the government stable under Ramses II?
Why did youth of the late 1960s feel alienated from mainstream society and established social authorities?
Why do people make homes in certain areas?
Why are other countries more mixed than the United Stares?
Why might Townhends have assumed that the colonists would not object to the duties?
Why does America win by Drawn Game?
Why did the social system of the old regime cause dissatisfaction?
Why did vbalboa explored?
Why should you address gender?
Why is Bristol so popular?
Why did poopulations soar between 1800 and 1900?
Why were hospitals in 1800 considered dangerous places?
Why do Muslims kiss the kaaba?
Why did stephan f Austin decide not to attack the Mexicans at san antonio?
Why did Charles goodyear invent raw rubber?
Why were both of the documents a form of propaganda?
Why did beveridge say that us expasion was a duty?
Why was de pineda important?
Why is redistricting done in local nonpartisan districts?
Why is Matisse called this name?
Why did Indians died out?
Why were the Spokane reservations set up in America?
Why were people driven out their homeland?
Why did the Persians send armies into the Indus River valley?
Why was the model t ford essential or necessary for that time period?
Why did Japanese eat rice?
Why would the government produce a poster of a Chinese man as a friend?
Why is introduction to art appreciation an essential subject in the curriculum answers?
Why was General Tomoyuki Yamashita in NH in c1936?
Why do you care of the fall of Richmond?
Why is it that Philippines often adopt amixture of authoritarian and democratic means of governance in order to address problems of development?
Why were countries looking for oversea markets to sell their produce?
Why did the federalists believe they would benifit from a war with France?
Why was the movement called reshmi roomal movement?
Why did the US and the USSR not attack one another directly?
Why was Easter island originally named Te Pito O Te Henua?
Why did the Egyptians decorated there pharohs tomds?
Why would you think anyone would hijack an airplane?
Why would society want to rehabilitate inmates?
Why are the greek columns so important to the people?
Why were plantations started in Florida?
Why did Jewish immigrant come to America?
Why is demomocracy better than any other form of government?
Why do some industry has a high cr while some have a low cr?
Why is Switerland an MEDC?
Why might Sargon have wanted a large area?
Why did they ban pharohs?
Why was Derek Bentleys death considered so controversial?
Why did the Egyptians build tombs in the shapes of pyramids?
Why were the tilingit people so important?
Why was henry tudor a welsh hero?
Why did the court move to reinforce brown in the 1960?
Why was Quebec city considered a perfect site to set up a new colony?
Why did colonial laws enforced endogamous mating?
Why did Louis Jolliet leave there home to go explore?
Why is your supervision required?
Why do women have a higher status according to importance?
Why did we need penillien?
Why was babue successful in invading India?
Why did many crusaders not make it or became weak going to the holy land?
Why are econimic indicaters usful?
Why are flyovers done at special events?
Why is important to know about Abraam lincoln?
Why is style sometimes more important than content?
Why did William Berkeley trade with Mannassas?
Why was the beveridge report so important for the welfare state?
Why did the 1913 Irish lockout start?
Why does the operation of powerplant in bataan stopped?
Why do people create?
Why were the Americans afraid of drafting a perfect union?
Why is Lewis lasseter famous?
Why did eliminating European domination of Latin America not bring significant change there?
Why was the church valuable during the times of chaos?
Why were the Hyksos more advance than the egyptains?
Why are natives plants significant for six nation people?
Why did the farmers of the constituutions decide to grant congress the power to tax?
Why do you move with the times?
Why is American considered the birthplace of popular music?
Why does chad speaking french?
Why did men join the nwmp?
Why did rise of the middle class give rise to filipino nationalism?
Why has your knowledge of the terrestrial increased so rapidly during the past 30 years?
Why is the 20 Amendment important?
Why did Putin join the government?
Why were hindus angry with lord curzon?
Why would someone want to be a papparazzi member?
Why is the world so corrupt?
Why did the us government make huge land grants and loans to the railroad companies?
Why did the british colonist want to separate from Britain?
Why was early romen currency important?
Why were the sedition acts allowed?
Why was it almost impossible to get any laws past through the assembly?
Why did the Union win the pea ridge battle?
Why is Melchizedek important to the church?
Why was the control of fire important in early civilizations?
Why do the ancient Greeks and the ancient Romans hate each other?
Why did Isaac Brock come to Michigan?
Why did the Texans decide to lay siege to san antonio instead of attacking?
Why do people eat empanadas?
Why should the virgina plan be adopted?
Why is the Marble head light house important?
Why did denmark lead the rebellion?
Why was alcohol important to the colonist and Americans?
Why were the first steel factories were built in Pennsylvania?
Why did the Quaker migrated from England to America?
Why is saying the pledge important?
Why was Osiris the most important god in epypt?
Why is November 28 important?
Why are people not allowed upstairs at Graceland?
Why did swami Vivekananda died at the early age of only 39?
Why was Robert hookes findings so important to us?
Why was the us interested in getting the midway islands?
Why was slavery so big during the election of 1844?
Why was ezra pound important?
Why did Portugal take intrest in brazil?
Why did abolitionists fear whe America was taking new territories in the west?
Why did the baby boomer generation end?
Why do people use money to study the iceman?
Why is kush was this capital in a good location?
Why should you study even when you think you know it?
Why did Isabella choose Granda as her burial place?
Why was rationing necessery?
Why did japan and the leading European powers accept a second open door policy?
Why was the development of iron so important in wet Africa?
Why does ninoy Aquino like the song tie a yellow ribbon?
Why do you see a clear reflection of ourselves when you stand before a tinted glass?
Why does a person standing in a pool of water look short?
Why might someone organize his or her business as a sole proprietorship?
Why is Henry Morgenthau Jr effort important today?
Why are whips important to the party?
Why is the internet is resistant in some country?
Why is 1803 signifcant in the growth of America?
Why did ancient Chinese people like yancheng?
Why did powerful nations rushed to grab colonies in the 1800s was the desire?
Why did poor southerns not like the tirffa?
Why did the Rebellion in Mexico start?
Why did colonization start give reasons to support your answers?
Why did the question of Missouri statehood become such a problem?
Why is more than half of the worlds fresh water difficlut for humans to use?
Why was the rules set down by Hammurabi an important step in the development of civilization in mesopotamia?
Why were only 56 percent of the women in employment in 1971?
Why is the Confederate system critical?
Why did drama become the most popular form of the Elizabethan literature?
Why did the dutch revolted against Spain and why did England help them?
Why is Gillette razors popular?
Why did Louis jolliet find what he found?
Why is it imposible to describe a typical American European and Australian folk arts?
Why did some delegate to the constitutional favor a weak central government?
Why should you rememder jawaharlal nehru today?
Why does terrorism confound the existing constitutional models?
Why did submarine warfare play in important role in the war?
Why do you think the qualifications are tougher for a senator than they for a representative?
Why was wolseley made cardinal?
Why were the louisisana purchase and the Erie canal good for the nation?
Why was Richard Hawkins sent to jail?
Why is it important to make connections between the past and the present?
Why do you use the stopmarket?
Why is nat turner profiled?
Why has wood selected the city of varanasi as the starting point?
Why is it called compassrose?
Why did nativists believe immigration would harm society?
Why were Muslim armies often seen as liberators?
Why were imperialists drawn to the natural resources of Africa and how did their presence on that continent change the environment?
Why does your culture attach such importance to sexuality?
Why did dionysus the elder punish people?
Why are Black Hills so significant in what happend on the Plains?
Why was the golden empire made?
Why did assyria live were they did?
Why was Aurangzeb considered to be one of Indias most controversial rulers?
Why did cities create public park?
Why did Iltutmish appoint his daughter as his successor and not one of his many sons?
Why did fighting start at concord and lexington?
Why was the town shed act written?
Why does the US invade other countries?
Why do you suppose dominant groups persecute other people?
Why are Cuna Indians survive?
Why was France and great Britain considered the great rivals of the colonial period?
Why did many people become greatly interested in Nimrud?
Why do women have to change their names when they get married?
Why do you need federal lands?
Why did the colonies that they hed to declare their independence?
Why is ancient kush culture so important?
Why did not Britain and Mexico agree to expand America?
Why is the civil war one of the worst wars a country must face?
Why did the Pueblos choose where they settled?
Why should engineers study and know the society?
Why should American became imperialistic?
Why did farmers in the 1800s tend to support bimetallism?
Why was University of the South founded?
Why did the Okies leave to California in the year 1920 and 1930?
Why is it important that students as well as national leaders study historical events?
Why did so many kings marry french women and not English women?
Why did the Emperor Yong Le send out his fleet of ships on seven overseas voyages?
Why was tobacco so important to the settlers?
Why was the arrival of the Africans so important?
Why was the arrival of Africans so important?
Why was the arrival of women so important?
Why do the ancient Greeks built the pantheon on a mountain?
Why do some people read law?
Why were some missions places of Misery?
Why did ther Mexican decide to fight for independence from Spain?
Why are the US attacking Putin?
Why does the song of Roland influence the world?
Why does the book of the dead influenced the world?
Why is it that Kwanzaa is the same as the Symbionese Liberation Army seven heads of the cobra?
Why do Eastern countries typically score higher on tests?
Why are personal responsabilities important?
Why does a teacher needs to have a grasp of students social setting and the condition in which they live?
Why did the civic theatre change to a museum?
Why didnt anyone help to stop the genocide of cambodia?
Why did people visit speakeasies?
Why do ethnicities cluster in major urban areas?
Why did eliminating European domination from latin America not bring about significant economic and social changes?
Why did the first settlers of Oklahoma come from?
Why did both the Northern and Southern politicians want the railroad to pass through their regions?
Why did people start muckraking?
Why did the neatherlands revolt?
Why is the Midwest regoin famose?
Why would romanias co2 level be so low?
Why did thousands of people who lived in the great plains leave the region in the 1930s?
Why was danton executed by robespierre?
Why does 81 percent of the earth live in Asia?
Why did Melton believe tax cuts for the wealthy would benefit all Americans?
Why did pizzaro go on his voyage?
Why was Sophie worried while driving her mothers car?
Why did rome conduct a cencus?
Why was the populist party divided?
Why do danish krone have holes in the middle?
Why did the king want each estate to meet in their own room?
Why do you count back when subtracting?
Why did some native born Americans oppose many of the peoples immigrating into the united state?
Why did the rhodesians capitulate in 1980 after fighting for there independence for 15 years?
Why did the General not cancel the execution after Col Dax came to see him at the party on the movie Paths of Glory?
Why do people say that evolution is reversing?
Why were railways very unpopular?
Why were battelships less imp important in wwii than they were wwi?
Why were battelships less important in wwll than they were wwl?
Why did people have such long life spans in the Old Testament?
Why did you have rulers back then?
Why was Buddhism important to History?
Why do you need aggregate units while plannin for production?
Why was Egyptian society priests?
Why did Metis not receive land?
Why did the German government print large amounts of paper money after wwI?
Why are the Indians so good at ripping people off?
Why did immigrants into the us drop after 1921?
Why is irene parlby famous?
Why did the barons give john nick names?
Why did the divine rights of king did away with the monarchy?
Why did the US experience the six economic crises while the UK did not?
Why was Roosevelt eager to meet Stalin face to face?
Why did European countries want to establish colonies in North America?
Why is this discovery so beneficial to society today?
Why is this called Turn out that light?
Why does vladek use the mask?
Why did voltaire like monarchy?
Why did the federalists argue that trade between the states was almost impossible?
Why was the city of your built?
Why did Indians imigrate in the 19 century?
Why are 95 percent of the people trying to be politically correct for the 5 percent?
Why did gerge washintons army fight?
Why does food insecurity happens?
Why would colonists demand equailty and frredom?
Why did the assyians chose to settle here?
Why did Japanese warriors paint their penis to look like an aubergine?
Why did the maasais face loss of their grazing land?
Why is politics indispensable?
Why did Zina Garrison retired?
Why was Edgar Herschler a good govenor?
Why do interest groups believe that public opinion is important?
Why does this huge region with many natural resources have little industry?
Why was anschluss a success for Hitler?
Why was a syndicate of Canadian businessmen and European bankers needed to finish the railroad?
Why do countries go to wars?
Why were the franks better at governing than other germanic tribes?
Why did europeans continue to explore while ming Chinese did not?
Why is it that Khadafi Quadafi Gaddafi has no tombstone?
Why does Ned Ludd wear a dress?
Why were the Cossacks feared and hated?
Why did the environment conference in durban fail?
Why were ford and congress often in conflict?
Why did the europaen power create alliance systems?
Why did the shamans host potlatches?
Why did many people of the backcountry use a barter system?
Why did Annie ask reuben to get a shovel and a fork?
Why did jahangir revolt against akbar?
Why did European nations compete with native Americans north America?
Why is India concern about overpopulation?
Why do so many plantations in Zimbabwe belong to Europeans?
Why did the Phoenicians settled this area of land?
Why is the FDA not run by the president?
Why did the sun never set on the British Empire in the 1900s?
Why is cubas war of independence so important?
Why is PAC money so controversial?
Why was the puritins founded?
Why did slaves work in the south picking cotton and tobacco?
Why did this change make totalitarianism appear more attractive as an alternative to democracy?
Why did effreson keep the national government small?
Why is the 21st amendment necessary?
Why did colonial farmers settled near oceans river or coastal waterways?
Why did the chesapeake colonies come to the new world?
Why is public admnistration not a science?
Why did lucozade choose the colour orange?
Why did the Democratic Republicans see the whiskey tax as a pro Federalist policy?
Why did the European slave trades come to west Africa?
Why were waterways important to the colonists?
Why were some people unwilling to give money to charity?
Why did they choose to go to the cites or seek the country when they came here?
Why did anni frid and benny divorced?
Why were the desertion rates so high in both the Union and the Confederate?
Why was unimate created?
Why are people in Tibet call hermit?
Why is violence taking over the world?
Why is HH asquiths middlename sledgehammer?
Why did the birtish go after India?
Why do most people live in New Orleans?
Why did the northern suppoet for reconstruction fade?
Why did the Pilgrums leave their homes?
Why do most people live in New Orleans explain?
Why was chief oratam so important?
Why was enlightenment philosophy so popular?
Why do people use the saying to cry wolf?
Why was paola foneded?
Why were the Norman sheilds kite shaped?
Why is Ghana a hard country to rule?
Why were the moderates called so?
Why did the royalist lose at marston Moore?
Why do you use a climograh?
Why did merchants and artisans become known as burghers?
Why is initiative and referendum important to democracy?
Why is the prime minister most important political institution in the country?
Why is Jefferson smith so different from other lawmakers?
Why did the people of Texas start thinking of independence?
Why did Pythagoras create a secret society?
Why did African American slaves and native Americans join the American revolutinary war?
Why do people remember the dead?
Why did medival people eat fish on fridays?
Why did green mountain boys want to attack the fort ticonderoga?
Why did egyptians make pyramidas?
Why did Lewis clarck die?
Why is the American society much more materialistic than the European society?
Why is Brazil capitalist?
Why was William Henry Harrison known as Old Tippecanoe?
Why did the milk companies stop putting pictures of missing children on the side of the milk carton?
Why do you think he offers to play?
Why was Bill Clinton so important to history?
Why do you need both art and science to complete a culture?
Why did the british empire give honkong back to china?
Why was Mr Lorne suddenly at risk in Boston?
Why were the ages different in the draft than the enlistment?
Why did the government chose a northern route for the transcontinental railroad?
Why were people able to specialize In jobs in early civilizations?
Why was the little entente ineffective?
Why are Chinese Christians persecuted?
Why is the American government so focused on destroying the Muslims?
Why is the Temple Mayor so important?
Why is the Temple Mayor of Tenochtitlan so important?
Why did europen nations form a alliances?
Why did the Indians want to revolt?
Why is the church of the holy sepurlcher sacred?
Why do some coutries stilll barter?
Why do politicians want to impose candidates?
Why is your skateboard blue?
Why do meiosis requires two phases of nuclear divisions?
Why did France colonize china?
Why do people begin to choose railroads over canals?
Why did Syria finally withdraw its troops from Lebanon?
Why did many people think the had the right to do as they wished with slaves?
Why has it become acceptable in some communities for men to bear no responsibility for the children they father?
Why were southerners in particular concerned with keeping the balance of power the same in the senate?
Why was williamsburg the most successful of the colonies?
Why did urbanization lead to the emergence of the great world religions?
Why did pharoahs build huge temples?
Why did king Phillip chief of wampanoag Indians lead a rebellion againts colonists?
Why were William shakespeares accomplishments important?
Why did the government break its treaty with the nezperce?
Why was edsa revolution of 1986 repeated in 2001?
Why did so few writers respond to the war in their literary work?
Why did the battel of haystings start?
Why did the IRA make people boiler suits?
Why did so few people die on the mayflower?
Why was ww1 on stand stll?
Why did European governments become more aggressive abroad?
Why is it hard for historians to study early African civilizations?
Why was there debate over selling the lands gained from Mexico?
Why is Spain capitalist?
Why did the authors of the constitution of 1845 used the us constitution as models?
Why is checks and balances so important for a government to work for the people?
Why are wind belts called the trade winds?
Why was capturing fort mc Henry important?
Why are the southwest Asia and North African regions important to the world?
Why did the Indians migrate to America?
Why did the settlers want to return to England?
Why are some taxes used to discourage consumption?
Why did Arthur never become king?
Why is only cash expected when buying lottery tickets?
Why were Egyptian elephants mummified?
Why was the bill of rights was not included on the original constitution?
Why did the Indian nation colllaps?
Why were people calling for church reform in the 10th century?
Why was New Jersey important to the underground railroad?
Why was Socrates highly controversial figure?
Why are the amazon built on stilts?
Why is Machiavelli Regarded as the child Of his time?
Why is Paul kariya famous?
Why were petite and grand juries made?
Why is morecambe called morecambe?
Why did many prices drop in 1921?
Why were European countries competing for colonies at the time of 1914?
Why did the framers create three branches instead of one?
Why was the national youth administration successful?
Why are the egyptians on the move from the countryside to the city?
Why were Acadians driven from their homeland?
Why does Brazil celebrate foundation day?
Why is smoked haddock yellow?
Why do people display 3 wine glasses from tallest to shortest?
Why would georgraphers be interested in poor peoples homes?
Why did it take so long for Christian kingdoms in northern Spain to expel non Christian people from the Iberian Peninsula?
Why did the Isaraelites begin their story with the exodus?
Why do many people get involved in pressure group activities?
Why did some Irish monks travel abroad?
Why was the colonists becoming rebellious a good thing?
Why were many northern religious leaders abolitionist?
Why did Lexington Kentucky prosper from 1850 to 1900?
Why were there so many plantations in Virginia?
Why is constitution necessary for the country?
Why was the Jewish temple in jersualam destroied?
Why was it not James conley that killed Mary phagan?
Why was Massachusetts industry successful?
Why did the South begin to use more and more enslaved workers during the 1600s and 1700s?
Why did Hamilton feel the government should support this nation?
Why did the Titanic have 4 or 8 lifeboats on broad if there was more than three thousand people on board?
Why did barbers use combs?
Why did Pratt oppose reservations but approve of schools?
Why did the french want a colony at the mouth of Mississippi?
Why do farmers in the southwest unitedstates use irrigation?
Why were people so excited about individual power?
Why are the cheeky girls so alike?
Why did Americans leave the farm for the city in the late 19th century?
Why do you need morality?
Why were Muslims able to accomplish so much and the europeans so little?
Why did the Arawaks and Caribs come to Barbados?
Why did communists dislike kulaks?
Why did banks fail during the panic of 1837?
Why did James hargreaves invented the spinning jenny?
Why did some whigs and democrats form a new political party?
Why is the last fatal duel in Canada important?
Why did peter fidler go to north America?
Why is anecdotal evidence less powerful in critical thinking than rationalism?
Why do political maps show borders cities and provinces?
Why do you think many stalwarts argued that ending the spoils system was anti republic and con tray to the demo0cratic heritage of the US?
Why is office of war information important to the war effort?
Why are some bases stronger than others?
Why does Alaska speak English?
Why was dido important?
Why was mansa musas pilgrimage to mecca important?
Why is benefit of interpreting course?
Why didnt medgars brother attend any of the trials?
Why did churchill spread in eastern Europe?
Why does big ben have 3 birthdays?
Why was Benin important to history?
Why do you need a constituency caretaker?
Why were cattle important in early India?
Why did pope Leo iii called Charlemagne emperor of Roman church?
Why do venezuelans people live along the coast of the Caribbean sea?
Why do people tend to dislike or hate certain people just based off of their looks does it have anything to do with genetic memories from your ancestors of enemy tribes or groups they had to fight?
Why did the people settle in Venice?
Why is hispanic history being taken out of schools?
Why does casca hate the ordinary people in Julius Caesar?
Why might an unpopular president who has been elected for 4 years find it hard to govern after just 2 years of his administration?
Why were some Jewish people call Christ killers?
Why did congress cll for a convetion of the states?
Why did William unger leave England for the new world?
Why was constantinople a busy market place?
Why did the Germans use babi yar as an excuse to get even?
Why do plants grown by farmers today look different than those crops grown by neolithic farmers?
Why were the people of Canada unhappy with Canadian confederation in the early twentieth century?
Why was early drawings invented?
Why did navitivsts appose immigrants?
Why did Father Hidalgo call for freedom?
Why did the southen elite not want the blacks to migrate to the north?
Why did the Iroquois come to north America?
Why does no one seem to care that the US is going down the tubes?
Why did everyone think he was a abolitionist?
Why is there a swimming pool in maharlika village in taguig?
Why were ssome Chinese inventions thought to have been created by europeans?
Why is the anomois important?
Why did miners emigrate to America?
Why would someone want to warn Xerxes not to take revenge on Greece?
Why do people have to change their last name to fight against their home country?
Why were private Catholic parochial schools created?
Why were people in Minnesota a free state willing to tolerate slaves?
Why did farmers work in mines in the winter?
Why was a saemstress trade importen?
Why does culture exclude and include different person within society?
Why did they mogollon need such shelter?
Why did hendry v111 dissolve the monassteries?
Why might ruling a huge empire be more difficult than ruling a smaller one?
Why was jakson considered a man of his peopple?
Why did prejudice directed at some people?
Why was nationalism a threat to reactionaries?
Why did politicians practice conservative policies?
Why is Romania not a developed country?
Why did Mirabeau Lamar move the capital?
Why is France a big influence in Africa?
Why were the farm band so famous?
Why are the US paper currency notes printed using green ink?
Why did parliament become more powerful under the Tudors?
Why was the Nineteenth amendment a good idea?
Why did andean high lands attract settlers?
Why would Austinites not want the capital moved?
Why is it important that members of congress stay informed about home conditions in their districts?
Why was noah Webster education was often interrupted?
Why do the Aztecs not wear shoes?
Why was Brahmagupta so interested in mathematics and astronomy?
Why does MrsBittering want to stay on mars?
Why did mediaval torcher start?
Why is cicely Tyson known very well?
Why did islamic traders travel in groups?
Why do people fight for independence?
Why did the spanish attkack fort carline?
Why is haiti a sovereign state?
Why are the Zealots important?
Why did Jamestown leave there current home?
Why is Jesus famous to the Israelites?
Why are craters aligned in Hawaii?
Why is it that American citizens hate foreign people so much?
Why do historians know so little about Indian civilizations?
Why do Jains eat before sunrise or sunset?
Why did Henry support the Wiskey tax?
Why is US called a Nation of cities?
Why was chickamauga was important to the north and south?
Why was maxine waters a hero?
Why is congress important to government?
Why does a aircart carrier need to be large?
Why do you thinks monks followed such strict rules?
Why is a trial by jury considered to be an essential right?
Why is Sudan breaking apart?
Why did Taft have cabbage thrown at him?
Why were the boer fighters such a good army?
Why did Daisy Bates let the black kids go to school?
Why might the people of the kongo find it difficult to impose greater control in their own territories?
Why was slavery just another business?
Why do women and children make large proportion of refugees in Pakistan?
Why was the number 9 special to Gustav mahler?
Why was this location crucial to the development of a civilization?
Why was herod important to world history?
Why do people still choose to immigrate United states?
Why is albertina sisulu famous?
Why did john fight with France?
Why do you need a member of judiciary to be a person of proven competes integrity probity and independence?
Why is an influenced judiciary important?
Why should you name and shame asbo offenders?
Why is it harder to control tuberculosis in poorer communities?
Why did explores and missionaries come to mn?
Why might accountants and physicians find limited partnerships attractive?
Why did egyptions embalm people?
Why did ibarra use another personality like elias?
Why is ruby bridges important and what did she do to be famous?
Why was the union pacific built in California?
Why did the Irish fight the brits?
Why did the founders think common good was more important?
Why did the spanish think that Jamaica was not important?
Why do you think religion played such an impportant role in the way rulers were regarded in early civilizations?
Why were the british and the chinese people fighting?
Why had he mandal comission become a debatable in India?
Why were the meetings for the constitutional convention held in secret?
Why would parents use the kindertransport?
Why have a number of industrial towns have florished in the ganga brahmputra region?
Why did Richard aldington change his name?
Why did only rich people go to school?
Why are the people are going to kashi?
Why was it hard to survive and florish in the great planis?
Why is keep calm and carry on so famous?
Why did anarchists oppose the foreign policy?
Why did WW1 begin?
Why was slavery started?
Why did slavery happen?
Why did Britain think the Waitangi Treaty was a good idea?
Why did the US use the 5 point star?
Why was there slavery in the US?
Why was a government with three branches considered to be a compromise?
Why did McCarthyism succeed at first?
Why did the Mexican Revolution happen?
Why were slaves sold?
Why did the axis powers surrender?
Why did Benito Mussolini enter World War 2?
Why did the soviet union breakup?
Why was Hiroshima bombed?
Why did the Korean War last so long?
Why did the Russian revolution happen?
Why did pearl habor happen?
Why did many banks fail during the great depression?
Why did the us enter Vietnam?
Why did world 1 begin?
Why were the missiles sent to Cuba?
Why did the Nazis hate poles?
Why is fashion important?
Why did the Europeans come to Canada?
Why did Austraila join World War 1?
Why did the framers of the constitution include the First Amendment?
Why did the us fail in Vietnam?
Why did communism fail in the Soviet Union?
Why would the Civil War have contributed to the industrial development of the US?
Why did people move west?
Why is independence hall famous?
Why did Syria join world war 2?
Why do you need to study history?
Why was the league of nations created?
Why is the battle of saratoga considered a turning point?
Why is history so important?
Why were blacks segregated?
Why did Hitler begin ww2?
Why did Australia join ww2?
Why couldnt women vote?
Why did World War 2 begin in the Atlantic war?
Why was the Mexican Revolution fought?
Why did explorers explore?
Why was the Yalta Conference important?
Why was Iraq invaded?
Why does poverty exist in your society?
Why is India called the land of prayers?
Why do you need to study the history of computer?
Why are the stripes on the us flag red and white?
Why is history considered a science?
Why are people adopting a nuclear family?
Why did the US invade Mexico in 1916?
Why did the American civil war happen?
Why did Australia fear communism?
Why did conscription start?
Why did Vietnam war happen?
Why are political parties formed?
Why did France colonize America?
Why did renaissance begin in Italy?
Why was the world created?
Why is race and ethnicity important to US society?
Why did Hitler invade other countries?
Why do people steal?
Why do countries speak french?
Why do people vote?
Why did Martin Luther King protest?
Why did slavery start in America?
Why did Australia join world war2?
Why did workers organize into labor unions?
Why did the revolution start?
Why did the US bombed japan?
Why are people prejudiced?
Why did Australia join in ww2?
Why did settlers come to Delaware?
Why did US annex Texas?
Why is soap so slippery?
Why did the Mexican war start?
Why did Hitler want Jews dead?
Why was the guggenheim museum built?
Why did the colonies declare independence?
Why did cold war happen?
Why was Maine colony founded?
Why was South Carolina found?
Why was Japan involved in ww2?
Why did the renaissance start?
Why was the water purification device invented?
Why is Indonesia a third world country?
Why are members elected for varying lengths of time?
Why did Europeans explore the new world?
Why did Captain John Mason find New Hampshire?
Why did the acadians come to Louisiana?
Why did mexicans migrate to america?
Why is Egypt known as the gift of the nile?
Why did the puritans come to America?
Why was the televison invented?
Why did Roman Empire fall?
Why is it important to study the past?
Why did the egyptians use the pyramid shape?
Why were the colonists upset with the british government?
Why is studying history important?
Why is the Louvre so famous?
Why do we use maps?
Why did Gustave Eiffel die?
Why is geography important in world history events?
Why do historians study the past?
Why did BalboaMichael name the Pacific Ocean?
Why is social science important?
Why did Stalin rise to power?
Why is the pentagon important?
Why did the northern renaissance occur?
Why do other countries eat insects?
Why did the colonists revolt against England?
Why did they found new york?
Why was le Louvre built?
Why did Australia change to decimal currency?
Why is America a superpower?
Why did Thomas Paine not attend the Constitutional Convention?
Why did us join world war2?
Why was the Battle of Lexington and Concord important?
Why is mesopotamia the cradle of civilization?
Why was the first US flag made?
Why are machine guns placed just behind the front line?
Why was the league of nations important?
Why is Nature important?
Why did Francis Scott Key Write the Star Spangled Banner?
Why did people colonize?
Why did settlers move west?
Why was the 15th amendment created?
Why did Pancho Villa attack Columbus New Mexico?
Why was there an enlightenment?
Why are pepople discriminating other races?
Why were children evacuated in ww2?
Why did Russia lose the crimean war?
Why did you have the American revolution?
Why was latimer confident that they were doing the right thing?
Why did they found new jersey?
Why was Delaware colony started?
Why did men volunteer to fight in the US civil war?
Why is the English Bill of Rights so important?
Why did Jamestown succeed?
Why is the study of movement helpful to geographers?
Why did the imperialists win the debate about the fate of the Philippines?
Why did the battle of bosworth happen?
Why is the English bill of rights important?
Why does Canada have two languages?
Why did the North want to abolish slavery?
Why was Jamaica colonized?
Why did Spain help America in the Revolutionary war?
Why is slavery bad?
Why did Persia become Iran?
Why were the middle colonies formed?
Why does senate represent states?
Why do bloods and crips fight?
Why is the golden bridge considered a wonder?
Why did the southern states secede from the union?
Why did the pilgrims want to come to America?
Why should Canada west join confederation?
Why did the us go to war with Spain?
Why was there a second world war?
Why is 1776 a significant date in American history?
Why did immigrants come to America?
Why were people against confederation?
Why was the colony Delaware founded?
Why is diversity important?
Why did women work during World War 2?
Why did the boer war end?
Why is bill of rights important?
Why did the immigrants come to the United states?
Why were Jamestown and Plymouth financed by joint stock companies?
Why are natural resources so important to Indians?
Why was a bicameral legislative system created?
Why did southern states secede?
Why were colonists angry about british officers using writs of assistance?
Why did the battle of chancellorsville happen?
Why did you go to war with Iraq in 2003?
Why did europeans explore?
Why did the London Company found Virginia?
Why are the pilgrims going to Canterbury?
Why was the eiffle tower built?
Why did Plains farmers in the late 1800s tend to support bimetallism?
Why is Korea divided into 2?
Why was the 15th amendment added to the constitution?
Why did Tennessee become a state?
Why do people live in volcanic areas?
Why did Islam last?
Why is yellow journalism important?
Why did you go to World War 2?
Why did world war ii happen?
Why did Russia get involved in wwi?
Why was the Triangle Factory Fire significant?
Why are people superstitious?
Why did US get involved in ww1?
Why is the middle east important to the world?
Why were the Mound Builders important?
Why did John Winthrop found Massachusetts?
Why is it ironic that the Nazis kept careful detailed records of all who were exterminated?
Why were british goods boycotted?
Why did northerners oppose the admission of Texas to the Union?
Why did Oswald assassinate jfk?
Why is the government important?
Why was the Jefferson memorial built?
Why is the statue of liberty so important?
Why were the colonies formed?
Why did Columbus kill the native Americans?
Why did japan wanted to expand?
Why did people immigrate to America?
Why did europeans come to Canada?
Why do you study greek mythology?
Why did the western roman empire fall?
Why are pillows fluffy?
Why did Mccarthyism occur?
Why were the normans fighting?
Why did the colonists revolt?
Why is the study of history important?
Why was the battle of bunkerhill important?
Why did the founders leave Europe to find New Hampshire?
Why is Ireland divided?
Why was Hugh Latimer and Nicholas Ridley burned at the stake?
Why is a book of maps called an atlas?
Why did a crowd storm the Bastille?
Why did people long ago form communities?
Why did it take so long to reach an armistice in the Korean war?
Why are there qualifications for being president?
Why was the Annapolis convention important?
Why is the olmec culture sometimes called the mother culture?
Why did the Albany plan fail?
Why did Japan enter World War 1?
Why did PEI not join confederation in 1867?
Why did the battle of somme take place?
Why was the Battle of Lexington important?
Why did the spanish invade the Aztecs?
Why was Paul Revere important?
Why did plains farmers in the late 1800s support bimetallism?
Why was the nullification crisis important?
Why did guy Fawkes die?
Why were the townshend acts passed?
Why did they make the Liberty Bell?
Why is the television important?
Why were the colonists able to win the american revolution?
Why would it be important to remind people of this history?
Why did john Hancock sign the declaration of independence first?
Why did the pilgrims come to a new land?
Why are governments established?
Why is Ottawa the capital of Canada?
Why did Egypt conquer Nubia?
Why were children evacuated to the countryside?
Why did the Red Cross start?
Why did some Americans oppose the Truman Doctrine?
Why did Adolf Hitler target Jewish people?
Why was the chichen itza built?
Why is the bill of rights important to us?
Why were the occupied territories a source of tension?
Why did Francis Bellamy write the Pledge of Allegiance?
Why did the American colonists feel they had taxation without representation?
Why did the puritans settle in Massachusetts?
Why is the element gold important?
Why did the ancient Olympics stop?
Why did people settle in Jamestown?
Why did Giovanni de Verrazano sail?
Why did Henry viii close down the monastries?
Why did Queen Boudicca die?
Why was the red scare important?
Why did pontiacs rebellion occur?
Why was the battle of fort Sumter significant?
Why did Charles Tupper support Confederation?
Why did people emigrate to the US?
Why did people settled in Virginia?
Why is Quebec important to Canada?
Why did the Jewish diaspora happen?
Why did europeans want to explore?
Why did Hitler burn books?
Why did prince Henry go on his journey?
Why was the Battle of Princeton fought?
Why was Chichen Itza built?
Why did Germany invade England?
Why did the founders leave Europe to find the colony of Connecticut?
Why was Ulysses Grant important?
Why did Australia join in world war 2?
Why did Rhode island become a colony?
Why was Maryland established?
Why were each 13 colonies founded?
Why did the revolutionary war began?
Why was Delaware formed?
Why was the battle of saratoga fought?
Why did pilgrim came to America?
Why did the south win the first battle of Bull Run?
Why did the ancient Olympics end?
Why was Upper Egypt to the south and Lower Egypt to the North?
Why did people believe in witches?
Why are oil prices going up?
Why did the Puritans leave England for Massachusetts?
Why did the french want control of the Ohio valley?
Why did explorers come to the new world?
Why is George Bush alive?
Why did America fight in ww1?
Why is Walter reed famous?
Why was the sacre coeur built?
Why did Henry close the monasteries?
Why did the Scramble for Africa happen?
Why did Charles 1 get executed?
Why was Australia join the war in North Africa?
Why should we study literature?
Why did Australia join the war in 1939?
Why should you know about the evolution of management?
Why is the Philippine unique?
Why did the greek soldiers only wear one sandal on their left foot?
Why are cities important?
Why did the British want the Ohio River Valley?
Why is Egypt called gift of the nile?
Why was the kettle invented?
Why did the atomic bombs on japan?
Why was the English Channel built?
Why is Lincoln memorial important?
Why was the declaration of human rights created?
Why did colonists hate the Stamp act?
Why was the preamble created?
Why did colonist oppose the townshend acts?
Why did parliament pass the coercive acts?
Why did spaniards move to america?
Why do you drive on the right side of the road?
Why was the storm of the Bastille important?
Why did Italians come to Australia?
Why did japan take manchuria?
Why do people make stained glass?
Why was the feudal system made?
Why did slaves go to New England?
Why do canadians celebrate Victoria day?
Why is Patrick Henry important?
Why did people burn books?
Why did the first bull run happen?
Why did Alexander III turn against the reforms of Alexander II?
Why did the founders leave Europe to find New Jersey?
Why is the continental divide so important?
Why was the columbian Exchange so important?
Why did the Renaissance first begin in Italy?
Why are black people so racist?
Why did Hernando Cortes sail?
Why did the us become involved in ww1?
Why did foreigners flock to Hawaii?
Why did Christianity spread so quickly?
Why was Saratoga important?
Why did Johnson and congress clash over reconstruction?
Why did people settle in the New England colonies?
Why is Truman famous?
Why is mythology important?
Why did Americans want to settle in Texas?
Why did the first Irish immigrants come to the US?
Why is the St Louis arch important?
Why were people put in concentration camps?
Why did the progressive movement start?
Why did the pearl harbor happen?
Why did Irish immigrants come to Australia?
Why did people make stained glass?
Why is the mafia called that name?
Why did King William introduce the feudal system?
Why are people considered humans?
Why did United States declare war on Germany?
Why did Queen Elizabeth the first die?
Why did the Germans think the enigma code could not be broken?
Why did the US acquire the Philippines?
Why did elias howe invent the sewing machine?
Why did German immigrants come to the US?
Why was the Anaconda Plan successful?
Why was the 18th amendment adopted?
Why is farming so important?
Why is Ellis Island important to the US?
Why is upper Egypt below lower Egypt?
Why do Madagascar speak french?
Why did the patriots hate the British?
Why did Congress not want the Northwest Territory divided into only two states?
Why was the league of nations weak?
Why did europeans seek an all water route to India?
Why did Elizabeth Cady Stanton oppose the 15th amendent to the US Constitution?
Why was there a successful Communist revolution in China in 1949?
Why did Spain support Vasco Balboa?
Why are the first four cities important to ancient Greece?
Why did Hernando desoto explore?
Why did people come to Massachusetts colony?
Why did the middle colonies come to America?
Why did Washington love Anne fairfax?
Why did peter die?
Why is legislation important?
Why did colonists want slaves?
Why is iceland reffered to the land of fire and ice?
Why would large states prefer the Virginia Plan?
Why were cathedrals made?
Why do boys sometimes defend you Does that mean he likes you?
Why did the US want to annex Texas?
Why was the eiffle tower made?
Why was the proclamation of 1763 issued?
Why did the Nazi persecute the Jews?
Why was the 2nd battle of the Marne fought?
Why did Samuel Adams start the sons of liberty?
Why did Europeans begin to explore?
Why did they stop building pyramids?
Why did government begin?
Why did the battle of bull run start?
Why can the president be impeached?
Why did Germany join the EU?
Why did European countries want colonies?
Why is the Erie canal so important?
Why do teenage athletes use steroids?
Why was Mexico concerned about settlements in Texas?
Why did the middle colonies like slavery?
Why was MTV created?
Why is technolgy important?
Why did Georgia ratify the Constitution?
Why is Stephen f Austin important to Texas?
Why did mt vesuvius erupt?
Why were business leaders such as john d Rockefeller called robber barons?
Why did Plains farmers support bimetallism?
Why is the poinsettia a Christmas flower?
Why was gunpowder used?
Why is Mecca important?
Why did England pass the Stamp Act?
Why did many colonists believe that the british parliaments attempts to tax them were against their rights?
Why did the europeans explore Africa?
Why were the Sons of Liberty formed?
Why do people scream?
Why did southern states secede from the union?
Why are people so nasty?
Why are webbkinz so evil?
Why did the US experience a depression in 1819?
Why do Americans hate Canadians?
Why do immigrants come to Canada?
Why did James Edward Oglethorpe find Georgia?
Why was francis Marion famous?
Why do Americans hate arabians?
Why are black people more likely to be executed than white people?
Why did the ottoman empire fall?
Why do flamingoes sleep on one leg?
Why is energy important?
Why did European countries colonise various parts of the world?
Why is the fossil record incomplete?
Why did balboa become an explorer?
Why was the zipper created?
Why did the US buy Louisiana from France?
Why did nativists resent immigrants?
Why did Abraham Lincoln suspend the writ of habeas corpus?
Why did the US take over Puerto Rico?
Why is child porn bad?
Why are dams made?
Why is the continental divide located where it is?
Why did the act anger colonists?
Why was china so tecnologically backwards at the time of opium wars?
Why was becket murdered?
Why did castles change over time?
Why did the US expand west?
Why do you think Germany was willing to accept Hitler as their dictator and to use the Jews and undesirables as a scapegoat?
Why did Joseph fry invent the candy bar?
Why was the pencil invented?
Why did the parliament pass the coercive acts?
Why was the North against slavery?
Why did the nation ceylon change its name to sri lanka?
Why did the delegates meet in philadelphia in 1787?
Why was greek mythology important?
Why did the dutch settle in new jersey?
Why did Americans in the south and west want war?
Why were each of the 13 colonies founded?
Why did they settle in Pennsylvania?
Why did the battle of Charleston start?
Why did the federalist party lose support after the war of 1812?
Why are Tourists so important to the country?
Why did Henry II argue with Thomas Becket?
Why was the 10th amendment made?
Why did the stamp act end?
Why was the US reluctant to annex Texas?
Why did William jennings Bryan resign?
Why did rome decline?
Why was clothes rationed?
Why did elizabeth kill Mary?
Why do immigrants come here?
Why did nova scotia not want confederation?
Why are pyramids important?
Why did the colonists settle in New York?
Why did the pilgrims come on the mayflower?
Why did the leaders of the puritans run into a conflict with roger Williams?
Why does Canada have two official languages?
Why was the battle of Britain fought?
Why is the telegraph important?
Why is it important to add pH buffers to microbiological media?
Why was Sam Houston called the raven?
Why are church windows stained?
Why did Chinese people come to America?
Why did the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse?
Why was Georgia called a haven for debtors?
Why did the battle of Yorktown start?
Why did the battle of Yorktown start?
Why did ussr enter ww2?
Why was Canada west against confederation?
Why have castles changed over time?
Why did Nathaniel Bacon lead a rebellion?
Why did the Americans move westward?
Why did the colonists win the American revolution?
Why was the Battle of York fought?
Why did jazz start?
Why was the 3rd Amendment created?
Why did the commonwealth start?
Why is compromise important?
Why does emmet have a mowhawk?
Why is family important to Jews?
Why is Patrick Henry famous?
Why did Spain build missions in Alta California?
Why did some colonists smuggle goods?
Why is Korea split in two?
Why did the Iditarod begin?
Why did parliament decide to keep tax on tea?
Why did yolanda kill Selena?
Why did Yolanda saldivar kill Selena?
Why did plains farmers in late 1800s support bimetallism?
Why did John Adams want to be president?
Why did they write the pledge?
Why do people in the US drive on the right side of the road?
Why is the flag so important?
Why did Jefferson oppose the national bank?
Why did Americans move westward?
Why did the Irish come to Canada?
Why do people celebrate special occasions?
Why did the boer war start?
Why was canned food invented?
Why was haig called the butcher of the somme?
Why was manufacturing in great Britain in the early years more successful than that in the US?
Why was the second great awakening so popular?
Why did giovonni caboto become an explorer?
Why did martin king start the boycott?
Why is the Northwest Ordinance of 1787 significant?
Why is it important to use units of measurement that are the same for everyone?
Why was the compromise of 1850 made?
Why did most Americans support the French Revolution?
Why did pharaohs rule Egypt?
Why is there a system of checks and balances?
Why did James oglethorope found Georgia?
Why did the US win the revolution?
Why did America become a world power?
Why is poverty an economic problem?
Why was the battle of york town so important?
Why did Hitler like people with blond hair and blue eyes?
Why was the Embargo act unpopular?
Why is attitude important?
Why is the White House important?
Why did industrialization begin in New England?
Why did fighting start at Lexington and Concord?
Why was Uganda colonized?
Why was Georgia created?
Why is the 38th parallel important to Asia?
Why was Auschwitz the most famous camp?
Why did Romans settle in London?
Why did china immigrate to the US?
Why was Frederick Douglas important?
Why were the Spanish able to establish a territorial empire in the New World?
Why did plains farmers in the late1800s tend to support bimetallism?
Why were Americans afraid of communists?
Why did the pilgrims settle in America?
Why was the water supply to the Aral sea diverted?
Why were people looking for the Northwest Passage?
Why was Eugene V Debs sentenced to prison for 10 years?
Why did the french join ww1?
Why did cartier go on the journey?
Why is Gregor Mendel important?
Why were the Great Pyramids built?
Why was new jersey started?
Why is the compromise of 1850 important?
Why cant kids vote?
Why is china a command economy?
Why did people come to the north American continent?
Why did school uniforms start?
Why is the Chinese flag yellow and red?
Why did the English colonize Canada?
Why were the bill of rights created?
Why do black people steal?
Why did bhakti movement attracted women?
Why did the battle of the Atlantic happen?
Why did James earl ray shoot mlk?
Why was eisenhower elected?
Why does racism happen?
Why did ballroom dancing start?
Why did the Korean war ended?
Why did the battle of gallipoli occur?
Why did the proclomation of 1763 anger the colonists?
Why is the battle of little bighorn important?
Why is Jean Ribault famous?
Why did the french want control of the Ohio river valley?
Why do people have two names?
Why did Stonewall Jackson get his nickname?
Why is the Columbian Exchange called the columbian exchange?
Why did Charles 1 loose the civil war?
Why did the Spanish come to Mexico?
Why did colonist want freedom from Great Britain?
Why did the french come to Texas?
Why did europeans want to find a western route to asia?
Why did the Romans speak Latin?
Why did Germans invade France?
Why was Samuel Adams a hero?
Why did Slaves come to Britain?
Why did the colonists win the war?
Why did the US declare neutrality at the start of the war?
Why did the second boer war start?
Why was the Battle of Naseby so Important?
Why did the Chinese immigrate to Canada?
Why did the british attack the White house?
Why did Lincoln pass the emancipation proclamation?
Why did livingston and monroe go to France in 1803?
Why was king george important?
Why was king john good?
Why were the Jews killed in the concentration camps?
Why did althea Gibson hated school?
Why was alcohol created?
Why are there twelve months in a year?
Why did Congress refuse to annex Texas?
Why was Jerusalem so important?
Why did colonists object the Stamp Act?
Why is China the next superpower?
Why was Catherine the Great so Great?
Why was carolina colony founded?
Why did aparthied happen?
Why was the southern colonies founded?
Why was Bill of rights created?
Why was Montesquieu important?
Why does the legislative branch have the power to declare war?
Why did you have the revolutionary war?
Why did george carteret find new jersey?
Why did the Romantic era end?
Why was the treaty of waitangi signed?
Why did the US remain neutral during World War 1?
Why do people mine for gold?
Why did david Thompson explore?
Why did the US want to remain neutral in world war 1?
Why is Indiana called the hoosier state?
Why did the apartheid occur?
Why did Hitler want the Jews dead?
Why is Ramses II important?
Why was the second amendment written?
Why is Queen Hatshepsut important?
Why is it important for people to vote?
Why did some Americans object to the cash and carry policy?
Why was the amendment written?
Why did people move to the West?
Why were political parties started?
Why was the Fugitive Slave Act passed?
Why was the Enlightenment important?
Why was Benedict Arnold important?
Why was the 14 amendment passed?
Why did thomas savery invent the steam engine?
Why did the pharaohs build great temples and pyramids?
Why is Dali lama important?
Why did Mexicans build settlements in California?
Why did many Americans distrust political parties?
Why did Hitler attack Norway?
Why was People Power associated with prayer?
Why was Filipino power associated with prayer power?
Why was propaganda used in ww1?
Why did James Garfield want to be president?
Why were slaves mistreated?
Why was Alexander Hamilton a federalist?
Why is Odysseus a good leader?
Why did president monroe issue the monroe doctrine?
Why did the pilgrams settle in New England?
Why were more slaves in the south?
Why did Peter Minuit find the New York Colony?
Why did the german leave their homeland?
Why was clocks invented?
Why did the United States go to war with Spain?
Why was the convection held?
Why did the ancient egyptians use heiroglyphics?
Why did the Japanese Canadian Internment happen?
Why did elizabeth blackwell die?
Why is 911 the emergency hotline?
Why was slavery successful?
Why did the british want to capture the colony of new york?
Why was people power associated with prayer power how was it an experience fatith?
Why did the pharaohs build temples and pyramids?
Why is the England flag so important?
Why did the seven years war begin?
Why did the Greek citizens build the Pathenon?
Why was the development of steam power important?
Why was Ulysses S Grant elected?
Why is it difficult to create a law?
Why did the Polynesians settle in Hawaii?
Why did the patriots in new york throw tea into the harbor in 1774?
Why did the french come to Ohio?
Why was the Erie Canal created?
Why did England colonize Jamaica?
Why did the french come to Canada?
Why did Prince Edward Island Join Canada?
Why were American troops needed badly by birith is ww1?
Why was the bayeux tapestry event?
Why do workers join unions?
Why was Texas named Texas?
Why do countries engage in imperialism?
Why did ned kelly die?
Why did Hitler wanted the Jews dead?
Why is Louisiana called the pelican state?
Why was the reaper invented?
Why was the church unable to suppress dissent as it had earlier?
Why was sam Adams important?
Why was president Jackson reluctant to annex Texas?
Why did the parliament decide to keep the tax on tea?
Why is the free market system more likely to respond faster to a disaster?
Why was the sons of liberty formed?
Why is there 50 states in the US?
Why did ben Franklin invent the swim fins?
Why is the 3rd amendment important?
Why is the blackboard green?
Why were people taken to concentration camps?
Why was oliver cromwell so important?
Why did the manufacturing belt decline?
Why might eisenhower have been more appealing as a presidential candidate than MacArthur?
Why was the civil service created?
Why did the Swiss come to Texas?
Why did farmers include the Necessary and Proper Clause in the Constitution?
Why did Italians turn to Mussolini?
Why does the government collect an income tax?
Why do people in Switzerland speak french?
Why did the Oklahoma city bombings happen?
Why did ben Franklin invent the bifocals?
Why was Lewis hine considered a muckracker?
Why does dunbar end up at fort sedgewick?
Why did Abraham Lincoln win the election of 1860?
Why did the revelutionary war happen?
Why is Adam Smith called the Father of Economics?
Why did isolationists want laws passed?
Why did Jackson refuse to annex Texas?
Why did the Maya civilization end?
Why did the North start the Civil War?
Why did santa Anna die?
Why is it important to vote in America?
Why did Hitler kill himself and his family?
Why did parliament keep the tax on tea?
Why did the spanish settle in St Augustine Florida?
Why was the colony of Maryland established?
Why did the Currency Act anger colonists when it was passed in 1764?
Why was the HUAC created?
Why does the electoral college exist?
Why is the state flower of new york the rose?
Why did John Brown die?
Why was the interstate commerce commission established?
Why did Nigeria want independence?
Why was scarborough castle built?
Why was king Charles 1 executed?
Why were the delegates to the constitutional convention of 1787 sworn to secrecy?
Why has the welsh flag got a dragon on it?
Why did martin frobisher come to Canada?
Why was the typewriter needed?
Why did the US want the gadsden purchase?
Why did America become involved in the Vietnam war?
Why was the first battle of the marne significant?
Why did the colonists not like the Stamp Act?
Why do you have the bill of rights?
Why did the us remain neutral in ww1?
Why did the Oregon trail end?
Why is Madagascar famous?
Why were people accuse of being witches?
Why would members of Congress vote against campaign finance reform?
Why was the peace treaty signed in Paris?
Why was Algeria imperialized?
Why did they make the Olympics?
Why was the Franklin stove invented?
Why did the us invade afganistan?
Why did the US make the Marshall Plan?
Why was the constituton written?
Why did Parliment decide to keep the tax on tea?
Why did china become communist in 1949?
Why did Gandhi chose the spinning wheel as the symbol of Indian independence?
Why do people immigrate to Australia?
Why did Julius Caesar feel betrayal?
Why was the carolingian Renaissance important?
Why was franz Ferdinand important?
Why was the battle of saratoga so important?
Why was the 2nd amendment created?
Why did civilization emerge?
Why is voter turnout low?
Why should the electoral college be abolished?
Why is Italy a developed country?
Why do you have to learn about history?
Why did Muhammad preach tolerance for christians and Jews as people of the book?
Why were political parties formed in the us?
Why was Molly Pitcher famous?
Why did the Europeans explore the new world?
Why was the typewriter created?
Why was the ottoman empire considered such a valuable ally?
Why is kenya a low econically developed country?
Why was it important to the Romans to control Mediterranean lands?
Why did the battle of Gettysburg occur?
Why was windmill invented?
Why did Yugoslavia split?
Why did baron von drais invent the bike?
Why do you want to die?
Why does it matter which committee a bill is sent to?
Why have a treaty in 1840?
Why is Tonga special?
Why did people want slavery?
Why did other European countries seek a new route to Asia?
Why was john paul Jones a hero to Americans?
Why was the nile so important?
Why were the expeditions and first colonies profitable?
Why was the seventh amendment made?
Why was the whig party created?
Why were Germans scared of Hitler?
Why did people from Europe come to America?
Why did the founding fathers select very specific duties to assign to the national government?
Why was Mount Rushmore built?
Why do people remember?
Why is marquis de Lafayette important?
Why did japanes attack pearl harbor?
Why are there more boys in the world?
Why did castle design change?
Why was Diego rivera important?
Why did people come to Connecticut?
Why did banks fail during the great depression?
Why did William introduce the feudal system?
Why might it be said that Germany deserved a fair deal?
Why did communists gain control of China?
Why is Elizabeth Cady Stanton famous?
Why did World War 1 stop?
Why did Wilson win the election of 1916?
Why did France enter the world war 1?
Why did the Germans attack the US?
Why did Aaron Burr hate Alexander Hamilton so much?
Why were many delegates not willing at first to agree to the new constitution?
Why are the gods important?
Why are celeb scandals?
Why did people migrate during the great migration?
Why did Maine join the Union?
Why did they use Stained glass In medieval times?
Why did Marvin winans and Vicki divorce?
Why was Notre Dame de Paris built?
Why did Fascism appeal to Italians?
Why did the Americans feel the ninth amendment was necessary?
Why was the battle of ticonderoga important?
Why is the war happening?
Why did Americans want to gain control of Florida?
Why was being an Untouchable really hard?
Why did France enter the great war?
Why was Masssachusetts founded?
Why did Jefferson want to avoid war with Britain?
Why did they found Delaware?
Why did people immigrate to the USA?
Why did dr king die?
Why did the 11 states leave the union?
Why did France invade Mexico?
Why was the western front important?
Why is it important for people to make their opinions known in a representative democracy?
Why is Charles Babbage called the Father of computer?
Why did Germany invade these countries?
Why did women give up their jobs at the end of World War 1?
Why does poverty exist?
Why are there so many refugees?
Why was MLK in Memphis?
Why did the US want to purchase the Louisiana Territory?
Why did the Reign of Terror occur?
Why did Germany conquer France?
Why is Normandy a good place to visit?
Why did some enslaved African Americans fight in the Revolutionary war?
Why is oliver cromwell a villan?
Why do all Americans hate April 15th?
Why was Fredrick Douglass famous?
Why did you fight the American revolution?
Why is homers poetry classic?
Why did the French want control over the Ohio valley?
Why did Chinese come to Australia?
Why was the 1st amendment proposed?
Why is the Colosseum famous?
Why was the Erie canal so important to the US?
Why did liberalism begin?
Why is latitude important?
Why did Jefferson oppose the bank of the US?
Why was HUAC created?
Why did a Roman soldier kill Archimedes?
Why did Ferdinand Magellen go exploring?
Why did the marine corps start?
Why did the French fight the Indian?
Why is Andrew Johnson important?
Why did many Americans support the 18th amendment?
Why did the framers provide for changes to the constitution?
Why did Paul Revere not attend the constitutional convention?
Why do you study ancient civilizations?
Why was d day a turning point?
Why did Patrick Henry give the speech give you liberty or give you death?
Why is the US so powerful?
Why did loyalists come to Canada?
Why was the UNWCC developed?
Why do you have a system of checks and balances?
Why did the Romans expand their empire?
Why is Utah called the beehive state?
Why did Henry kill thomas beckett?
Why did the battle of quebec happen?
Why did the mayans build pyramids?
Why was Sam Houston important?
Why was george washingtons presidency so important?
Why was William tavner determined?
Why did the enlightenment start?
Why was Maryland a key to northern strategy?
Why is independence hall a landmark?
Why did The Battle of the Little Bighorn happen?
Why did slavery end in Canada?
Why did democritis die?
Why was the treaty of Versailles rejected by the senate?
Why do schools wear uniforms?
Why did FDR close the banks?
Why did the English lose so disastrously at the Battle of Hastings?
Why is phosphorus important to all living things?
Why is tutankhamun famous?
Why did Japan expand into Asia?
Why did saryna die?
Why was little round top a crucial position in the union line?
Why was le centre pompidou built?
Why did cortez go to Mexico?
Why did Hitler order The night of the long knives?
Why is steel important to Pennsylvania?
Why did Jim bowie come to Texas?
Why did Daniel shay have a rebellion?
Why were the americans able to defeat the british?
Why is the battle of chancellorsville important?
Why did pascal die?
Why was Korea divided by the 38th parallel?
Why was ned kelly hung?
Why was the treaty unfair to Germany?
Why did Britain get bombed?
Why did iraq war started?
Why have birth rates decreased?
Why was the catapult made?
Why did the greek build great temples and pyramids?
Why did christian missionary groups follow explorers to Africa?
Why did the soviet union split?
Why did us enter war?
Why did it take 16 years to build the opera house?
Why did Texas declare their independence from Mexico?
Why was mercy Otis warren importan to the Revolutionary War?
Why was Hitler a threat?
Why did France build the maginot line?
Why was Antietam significant?
Why was the voting age lowered?
Why would a president veto a bill?
Why did German migrate to America?
Why did Texas declare independance from Mexico?
Why is isolationism bad?
Why did the Battle of New Orleans take place?
Why is Elizabeth White famous?
Why was Mussolini wanted?
Why did the US make the gadsden purchase?
Why are you still fighting the war in Iraq?
Why is 1776 so important?
Why did roger Williams die?
Why did most market towns in the Middle Colonies have gristmills?
Why were the seven wonders built?
Why is the us called the melting pot?
Why did the south oppose the tariff of 1832?
Why did most of the combat on the western front in world war 1 take place in a relatively small area?
Why did Spain Colonized Philippines?
Why did the Indians have to move?
Why did Americans come to America?
Why did the US go to war with Tripoli?
Why was saratoga an important battle?
Why did hippies wear headbands?
Why are trees important to us?
Why was Roger Williams banished from the Massachusetts Bay colony?
Why was the Normandy invasion so crucial to the final Allied victory in Europe?
Why were attempts at railroad regulation often unsuccessful?
Why is a flag flown at half mast?
Why did Senator Lodge object to Article 10 of the Versailles Treaty?
Why was general hooker replaced?
Why is it said that the relationship between price and quantity supplied is direct?
Why is paul revere so famous?
Why is there poverty in the world?
Why did world war 1 began?
Why did the colonists send ambassadors?
Why is the queen important?
Why did war break out between the Vietnamese Nationalist and the French?
Why is the freedom of press important?
Why did Newfoundland enter confederation?
Why is the British Empire so important?
Why did many Italians support Mussolini?
Why did Jefferson purchase the Louisiana territory from France?
Why did the Tudors explore outside Europe?
Why was denmark invaded in world war 2?
Why are locks used on some canals and not others?
Why is Tallahassee the capital of Florida?
Why did war break out in Korea?
Why is India a democratic country?
Why is pompey important to the plot?
Why did Romans invade Britain?
Why did the mayflower colonists leave England?
Why is the WhiteHouse white?
Why did the bank of the us become a political issue?
Why is racism wrong?
Why did China resent Japan?
Why was Edmund Randolph important?
Why was eurodisney built?
Why did the mians die?
Why did the Russian revolution occur in 1917?
Why was the constitutional convention necessary?
Why was the xyz affair important?
Why did the Roman Republic create a system of checks and balances?
Why was Maine found?
Why did the electoral system break down in the election of 1800?
Why did Hitler want Sweden to stay free?
Why did russia become the soviet union?
Why did the US consider the Marshall Plan important to Europe?
Why did developing nations often align themselves with one or the other superpower?
Why did the banks close during the great depression?
Why is defining life hard?
Why did a revolution occur in russia in 1917?
Why do Mexicans celebrate this holiday?
Why is the color of the white house white?
Why have Special Sessions lost their importance?
Why were europeans looking overseas for places to sell their products?
Why is mass media important?
Why was William of Normandy a good king?
Why is abigial Adams famous?
Why did the US purchase Alaska from Russia?
Why does a drum make sound?
Why did cuba go communist?
Why was fort snelling built?
Why did the 49ers go west?
Why is oil important to the middle east?
Why was ww1 considered a total war?
Why was the Battle of Stalingrad so important during World War 2?
Why is the battle of Normandy important?
Why did the first battle of bull run take place?
Why did some southern states withdraw from the US in 1860?
Why do people in belgium speak french?
Why did the north want to blockade the south?
Why did Marvin winans divorce?
Why did Osama bin Laden declare a holy war on the US?
Why did Japan want to control other nations?
Why was the zip invented?
Why was the treaty of tordesillas important?
Why is immigration important?
Why were the Federalists so anxious that New York and Virginia ratify the Constitution?
Why did America invade Afghanistan?
Why did Texas enter the union?
Why is Aphrodite important to the Greeks?
Why is anne frank died?
Why did Mexico stop allowing Americans into Texas?
Why did the whig party fall apart?
Why did whites want segregation?
Why did settlers begin to pour into the Northwest Territory after 1800?
Why is the last half of the 16th century identified as the Elizabethan period?
Why is slavery right?
Why did the enlightenment take place?
Why does England not use the euro?
Why did the union win the battle of Antietam?
Why was Kenya important to the British Empire?
Why are locks needed on some canals and not others?
Why is NC called tarheel state?
Why did many immigrants support city political machines?
Why did Scott go to the south pole?
Why do humansm die?
Why do monsoons happen?
Why has friar Lawrence given A letter to friar john to deliver to romeo?
Why did the ufw organize a grape boycott?
Why did john fitch invent the steamboat?
Why did Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation?
Why did the pioneers travel west?
Why did some early Americans oppose the establishment of a strong federal government?
Why are locks needed in some canals and not others?
Why did Americans expand west?
Why was the United states able to buy Louisiana at a very low price?
Why was the South Carolina colony formed?
Why did the Greenwich tea party take place?
Why did Johannes Gutenburg invent the printing press?
Why does it matter what committee a bill is sent to?
Why did hittler kill himself?
Why did the fugitive slave act provoke such strong opposition in the north?
Why did the bay of pigs invasion start?
Why are North and South Korea separated?
Why was Julius Cesar so important?
Why did the south suceed?
Why did the Brothers Grimm write?
Why was Yugoslavia created?
Why did Japan join the Axis Power?
Why was the 15th Amendment necessary?
Why did the pilgrims not eat mashed potatoes at their Thanksgiving dinner?
Why did the duke of york found new york?
Why are there only 5 platonic solids?
Why does smuggling still happen?
Why did monks hate king john?
Why is England so popular?
Why do people speak french in Switzerland?
Why did textile mills go south after reconstruction?
Why is voter registration required?
Why do you have t die?
Why is Abraham Lincoln such an important figure in American History?
Why did the printing press spread so quickly throughout Europe?
Why is rhode island so small?
Why is California so big?
Why were some Americans concerned about the use of natural resources?
Why was the colony of rhode island started?
Why is mount fuji famous?
Why did thomas Jefferson oppose Alexander Hamiltons NAtional Bank?
Why was the Louisiana purchase significant?
Why did the catholic church denounce the theories of the scientific revolution?
Why were maps invented?
Why is Mexico poor?
Why was the capital moved?
Why is the Eiffel tower so important today?
Why is peter stuyvesant important?
Why is Trenton important?
Why is French spoken in Belgium?
Why was the Marshall Plan established?
Why did the Germans burn books?
Why did Lee retreat after the battle of Antietam?
Why did Giovanni da Verrazano explore?
Why were you given the statue of liberty?
Why is herber hoover important?
Why is nellie mcclung a hero?
Why was Texas ideal cattle country?
Why was the new deal created?
Why do nomads live in tents?
Why do you celabrate Memorial Day?
Why do people blame Jews?
Why is the Navy Pier Ferris Wheel famous?
Why do you have three levels of government?
Why was the democratic party founded?
Why did the colonists resent the Currency Act?
Why did the colonists resent the Currency Act?
Why was the Albany plan of union important?
Why was the coilisum built?
Why was Confucius famous?
Why is catherine the great so great?
Why did Russians go to Alaska?
Why is Harriet Beecher Stowe so important?
Why did people believe in the geocentric theory?
Why does scarcity always exist?
Why did some people oppose the new deal?
Why was Common Sense important to the cause of Independence?
Why are food prices going up?
Why was the tomb of the unknown soldier built?
Why was prince Henry was so important to his age?
Why did albert berry jump from an airplane?
Why was the twelfth amendment necessary?
Why is Georgia first know as inhabitants?
Why was Georgia the first inhabitants?
Why were most of the seven wonders of the ancient world built?
Why did Parliament not repeal the tea tax?
Why did ww1 lead to ww2?
Why did people come to Ellis Island?
Why did the US not annex Texas in 1837?
Why did the Boxers rebel?
Why did northerners move south after the civil war?
Why did Australia join the world war 1?
Why did the Russians enslave the aleuts?
Why did iranians take American hostages in 1979?
Why did the Romans set up a republic?
Why did Cyrus McCormick create the grim reaper?
Why should people not litter?
Why did the Boers move North in the Great Trek?
Why did banks close?
Why did hernan Cortes die?
Why did some Americans oppose US acquisition od territory?
Why is topography important?
Why did the southern states seceded?
Why did europeans first come to the new world?
Why did Britain and china fight in the opium war?
Why did the US have internment camps?
Why were the crusaders fought?
Why did Washington dc become the capital?
Why did ethnic tension become such a severe problem in the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia?
Why was pat Boone important?
Why did people in the US oppose the Vietnam war?
Why did Maria Theresa Die?
Why were the Sons of Liberty organized?
Why was the Ohio River Valley important to the English?
Why did the US get involved in latin America?
Why did thousands of boers move north in the great trek?
Why are masons evil?
Why has the power of the presidency been cause for debate?
Why was King John called Lackland?
Why was the qutab minar built?
Why did the Germans lose ww2?
Why did the Neolithic Revolution occur?
Why were hostages taken in Iran in 1979?
Why did the congress of Vienna redraw the boundaries of some European countries?
Why did willem jansz come to Australia?
Why were there arguments about the signing of the treaty of waitangi?
Why was the newspaper invented?
Why did Wilma die?
Why did anibus die?
Why has the death rate declined in many developing nations?
Why is ancient china interesting?
Why is John A Macdonald famous?
Why are archives important?
Why were consumer goods rationed during the war?
Why was food rationed in ww2?
Why was the policy of unconditional surrender modified in dealing with Japan?
Why do you think free enterprise and capitalism usually develop as economic systems under democracy?
Why is it important to study culture?
Why did the depression last so long?
Why was Roger Williams was banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony?
Why did England want to take over New Netherland?
Why did civilization start in mesopotamia?
Why were the Opium wars fought?
Why did the wahine sink?
Why did the peasants revolt in 1381?
Why does US have territories?
Why did Americans want an alliance with France?
Why is Archimedes of Syracuse Famous?
Why was America interested in events in Puerto Rico?
Why is the date important in Hawaiian history?
Why didnt dr Johnson major in pre med?
Why did the Europeans explore the Americas?
Why did the Europeans Settle in North America?
Why was the civil war in china stopped?
Why did American leaders form political parties?
Why did Italians immigrate to Australia?
Why do you celebrate independence day in the Philippines?
Why are moasts cityes built araund rivers?
Why do you think many citeis are built around rivers?
Why did marxs communist ideas appeal to most Russians?
