Why did they take harrison bergeron away?
Why are pepito jokes so funny?
Why do pigs fail algebra?
Why do you fail at skydiving into the sun?
Why do pigs fail at algebra?
Why is there a tomato fight in Colombia annually?
Why is pcp called sherman hemsley?
Why is it important that the bill of rights protects people accused of crime?
Why are icebreakers important today?
Why does chastitiy have to play on the computer?
Why did Zheng He try to reach new places with his fleet?
Why do you love the kitty kat song?
Why do people like to say the word skadoosh?
Why did the football coach go to the bank?
Why did Tigger look in the toilet?
Why does corn have ears?
Why can you pull a table cloth from under dishes and not disturb the dishes?
Why are you buried 6 foot down and 3 foot across?
Why do you answer these questions sarcastically?
Why did 7 eat 9?
Why is Google broken?
Why do humans get bored?
Why are 12 year old boys so immature?
Why do you need helium?
Why do people get so nervous?
Why do sky appears red during sun set?
Why do gorrillas have big fingers?
Why is twins the ultimate fantasy for guys?
Why did yankie doodle go to town?
Why do you have to keep your eyes closed when you seeze?
Why do people always ask questions?
Why do boys not wear tights whenever they want to?
Why do feet smell of cheese?
Why doesnt checkers do rapcat commercials anymore?
Why do men let their feet stink?
Why do pilgrims pants keep falling down?
Why are yellow dusters yellow?
Why does slick rick have an eyepatch?
Why are boys weird?
Why did Walt Disney want to meet with the distributor?
Why does the song he said she said have many versions?
Why did the cow steal your car?
Why do people use fingerprints?
Why do short men who have small penis have a bad attitude towards tall women?
Why is king kong so cool?
Why are there random events that happen at a random time at a random place during a random year in a random month?
Why am I special?
Why did edge retired?
Why is Waldo hiding?
Why does sticking your hand in warm water make you pee?
Why are most men players?
Why did terry fox stop running?
Why is boys ranch so strict?
Why do people engage in dancing?
Why do your bananas explode?
Why did people not call billy T James racist?
Why does a lawn mower live sucha hard life?
Why are people tell tales?
Why do parents abuse there child?
Why are James Ruse people always so skinny?
Why do people say ummm a lot?
Why does it bother you?
Why do you have to wear diapers at night time?
Why were the Montreal games boycotted in 1976?
Why did the second chicken cross the road?
Why are the robots so sad?
Why are Oreos called Oreos?
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet?
Why is Stevie wonder always smiling?
Why is Vission Back?
Why is your computer doing this to you?
Why is hope so weird?
Why did Zach and Logan get it on last night?
Why does no one answer your answer in these questions?
Why is racism still alive today?
Why is your home important to you?
Why do boys like tights?
Why was buster keaton so famous?
Why do you have to say hello?
Why are blondes clueless?
Why is the film called the second hand lions?
Why do people stare at you but they dont like you?
Why does slick rick have an eye patch?
Why do you want to ork here?
Why does Steven Fail over and over?
Why do we gulp when nervous?
Why is sex always in bed?
Why is epic beard man not to be trifled with?
Why are some people born lazy?
Why do adults try to make kids laugh?
Why is Jake called jack not joe but john?
Why is Monday so far to Friday and Friday so close to Monday?
Why does everyone ask if famous people are Muslims?
Why does taz spin?
Why would a male be nicknamed Daisy?
Why is this girl summer dumb?
Why are white teachers so naive?
Why do landlords become slumlords?
Why do the rich hoard things and money?
Why are pubic hair and armpit hair black?
Why do you laugh at jokes?
Why did they begin the constitution with We the People?
Why are girls evil?
Why are boys clueless?
Why do people visit Cayton Bay?
Why is this website so funny?
Why is this a funny website?
Why do woman and men only get married?
Why does it depend on the person who is telling the knock knock joke?
Why do aliens have more then 1 eye?
Why is second longer than hour and hour longer than day?
Why do people like to crawl about in parking lots?
Why was Bush still the President of the US?
Why do feet tickle?
Why does ridicule affect people?
Why are disabled people treated differently?
Why do pedicures tickle?
Why can I spend the US dollar and not Monopoly money?
Why do peacocks dance when it thunders?
Why do teachers have leather patches on tweed jackets?
Why do you light a candle and put it in a bowl of water?
Why did howard hughes grow his hair and beard?
Why is the sky cerulean?
Why are farts called cutting the cheese?
Why is brisk cool?
Why is sarcasm the lowest form of humor?
Why did they put a fence around the train at pioneer park?
Why is lily kool?
Why do humans think they are cool?
Why do people burp in your face?
Why do grubs taste like pickled snot balls?
Why does letterman wear white socks?
Why was Constantinople built?
Why is donkey called an ass?
Why did the corn fall in love with the potato?
Why do you hold your breath when you a pass a cemetery?
Why does Charlie the Unicorn to go Candy Mountain?
Why does water only go one way down the plug hole?
Why is Fred on iCarly?
Why do people let emotions get the better of them?
Why do we sometimes laugh when we get hurt?
Why is 7b boring?
Why do people want to live in the city?
Why is your tongue hairy?
Why are marshmallows so yummy like a bunny dipped in honey?
Why did the skeleton climb up the tree?
Why is kelli fanning so amazing?
Why is a hobo useful to society?
Why is Kaila awesome?
Why was Brittany andrade born?
Why is cassy so blonde?
Why did Bam Magera move house in 2004?
Why is the sense of humor important?
Why is it illegal to hunt whales in Kansas?
Why does a male have a phallus but not a female?
Why are underwear called drawers?
Why did you ask me for some little bootilicious stuff?
Why do pretzels twist?
Why did someone change the question?
Why do pretzels do that?
Why do pretzels twist?
Why is it not polite to stare?
Why does mom ask you to take out her dandruff?
Why did 911 never happen?
Why is an experiment a good scientific tool?
Why are there six ducks in the Cadillac symbol?
Why is the what are for when did the how many?
Why is Charlie Dehnel useless?
Why did 6 eat 7?
Why did Emma leave H2O?
Why is Lily Villa so crazy?
Why are interest groups considered a type of linkage institution?
Why does ray kill William in call of juarez bound in blood?
Why are there so many Indians?
Why cant people be naked?
Why is alexa so awesome?
Why do black guys have such big dingalings?
Why was the walrus crying?
Why is barf orange?
Why do dry fruits puff up in pure water overnight?
Why do English have little sense of humour?
Why do trains go choo choo?
Why did you feel like answering this question?
Why are religoin important?
Why is important to go to college?
Why does God hate Louisiana?
Why are you prevented from asking questions that you find amusing?
Why are politicians destroying your country?
Why are men knock knee?
Why does your best friend have strange fetishes?
Why is Corey Hawkins soo amazing?
Why does adding the phrase In my pants to the end of a book title make it funny?
Why do girls cake their makeup on?
Why do people make jokes?
Why do you we with others?
Why are greek people so amazing?
Why am I so damn cool?
Why do people change when they become wealthy?
Why does everyone answer helpfully on WikiAnswers instead of just having some fun?
Why do so many women cause so many men so much pain?
Why cant water walk?
Why do Mexicans love bottle service?
Why does coke contain pork?
Why does the chicken crossing the road joke funny?
Why is AJ so handsome?
Why does the ink from a fountain pen spill out when you carry it in an aeroplane?
Why is the youth market important to channel 4?
Why should you avoid glare?
Why is there a need to revise the curriculum from time to time?
Why was Carlo Scarpa Buried standing upright?
Why did the Saltine locks itself in the Bank Vault?
Why is it so hot in a stadium after a cricket match?
Why does a heart cell make a good rapper?
Why was Surface canceled?
Why is you der dum one?
Why do black people talk a lot?
Why do people die in sleeping?
Why are you looking for this question?
Why do people take free sugar sachets?
Why is pressure and temperature affects the sollubility?
Why would you call your teacher at home?
Why would you?
Why does antonio need money from shylock in the merchant of venice?
Why do you have to smile?
Why does roxanne marry christian?
Why are your prayers remain unanswed?
Why do some people stammer when they are upset?
Why is wiki answers soo fun?
Why did the skeleton did not go cross the road?
Why is orange annoying?
Why is trevor boris famous?
Why did the the baby change its underwear?
Why do you like to use the word fat?
Why do most WikiAnswers Questions not make any sense?
Why did the chicken run across the road?
Why did a scientist install a knocker on his front door?
Why is word recognition so important?
Why would you take a religion class?
Why do they call Ricky Carmichael the goat?
Why are your mom jokes so funny?
Why are things funny?
Why is the red crayon always lost before the other crayons?
Why do cars have girl names?
Why is there not a far side day to day calendar?
Why does your stove electric igniter keep ticking even when the stove is off?
Why do women look like men?
Why are tongue twisters tongue twisters?
Why is silly putty so much fun?
Why do they call where you park a driveway and where you drive a parkway?
Why did the mole cross the road?
Why do we need youth?
Why is your sister acting like 3?
Why are mosquitos important?
Why does the admendment process take so long?
Why is the French version of Arthur and the Invisibles 20 minutes longer than the English version?
Why did Britain adopt decimal currency?
Why were the soldiers able to use so many different guns during the war?
Why did Molly call her husband by his last name?
Why did Easter egg hunts begin?
Why are you guys weird?
Why are people prejudice against young music?
Why do people act cool?
Why dont haircuts hurt?
Why is it not considered littering when companies send you junk mail you never asked for is it not the same as them coming to your house and throwing their garbage on your front steps?
Why do people always spell badly online?
Why do people like to go to Disney World?
Why does your neighbor want more money when she already has it flowin out her as?
Why did I marry a mushroom?
Why do you have arms?
Why do people lift other people?
Why does welsh singer Max Boyce carry a leek on stage?
Why is farting funny?
Why is a blackberry red when it is green?
Why are blondes called tow heads?
Why do guys like to see Girls tied up?
Why do some people get intimidated by fat people?
Why do people do what they see others doing?
Why do girls take their shoes of?
Why is it good to go to Maine?
Why is Mt Kilimanjaro named that Does it kill a man named Jaro?
Why are there rancid old sausages in your room?
Why do people want to slap you even harder?
Why do people live in the city?
Why is the beef industry important?
Why are there always shoes at the side of the road?
Why didnt klutz do any homework on saturday?
Why are there no zippers on Star Trek uniforms?
Why does Robert talk like Du Du Du?
Why are sixth graders so weird?
Why does a ball spin the opposite direction after it hits the ground?
Why did the melon become extinct?
Why are puerto rican boy so sexy?
Why did you go on this website in the first place?
Why did grace love Abe?
Why should we Live life no expectations and no regrets?
Why do people say wass up?
Why do you think it is good to have patience?
Why is your dog getting confused at night?
Why is it funny to watch a squirrel water ski?
Why do people scream on roller coasters?
Why is television not a destructive influence?
Why is cob web called so?
Why do grannys smell?
Why is there not a website for free soap operas?
Why does hair grow on nose?
Why do you get 2 sets of teeth?
Why is the US so awesome?
Why are people turning gay?
Why are some people ticklish?
Why are child an accents to the family?
Why are biofuels needed?
Why do you wanna join a circus?
Why can comedians get away with racism when everyone else cannot?
Why does Australia get little rain?
Why is your leg itchin so much?
Why are there so many polish people coming over into England?
Why do people have to be nice to elves?
Why does eating Pork and Beans Make you Fart?
Why does Ernest suffer so much?
Why would you put a bar of soap in coffee?
Why do people laugh at your knock knees?
Why do you feel happy before you poop?
Why do men scratch their privates in front of people?
Why does count olaf kiss kit snicket?
Why are youths causing vandalism?
Why is Mark Evans so mean to Mel Wren?
Why is lily a cow?
Why is London bridge famous?
Why has brock kenzler got a huge forehead?
Why do you lik doodles?
Why do some answers come up twice?
Why do people give other people flyers if they are just going to throw them away?
Why is Suporna evil?
Why would a passlock system be put into cars when they go bad causing people to miss work and pay expensive repairs?
Why is lunch meat round not square?
Why does Lynn smell?
Why is Lynn a big pie?
Why is Cathy Pham so awesome?
Why was Agamemnon so fierce in the movie Troy?
Why is April Fools day celebrated?
Why is it called doughnuts?
Why do people constanly keep answer question in dumb ways?
Why does royale rule?
Why do people fart and why does it smell bad?
Why is the cooling water in the liebig conden ser made to run counter current to the flow of the distillate?
Why did the banana go to the docter?
Why was eisenhower elected president?
Why do currymuchers wear terbins?
Why do dogs not like mail men?
Why do people say Germans have hairy armpits?
Why did 3lw breakup?
Why did the elephant paint his toenails red?
Why do feet smell like cheese?
Why did the dog have to go to court?
Why did Itachi join the akatski?
Why do people eat pigs?
Why is meiosis important to living things?
Why does Gwen get voted off of total drama island?
Why does mister G fail?
Why do fathers tend to believe their son more than their daughter?
Why is kyle so handsome?
Why do bad people get away with doing minor bad things?
Why do people laugh at stupid stuff?
Why do clocks make tick tock noises?
Why are stairs used?
Why would you ask a qustion like that?
Why is Springboro Junior High Computers so much fun?
Why is Alabama the smartest state?
Why is it that night falls but day breaks?
Why is Laura McKenna a cheese?
Why did no one care when jimmy crack corn?
Why has Mrs Claus got such a long face?
Why do you want to find waldo?
Why is a drive way called a drive way when you park in it?
Why did Duncan from Total Drama Island get arrested?
Why do people become pornographic actors?
Why are girls so great?
Why is pie funny?
Why do some people ask illogical questions that have no meaning what so ever?
Why do you get a static shock when your boyfriend touches or kisses you?
Why should Jamie Die?
Why do people tickle you?
Why is a blond so smart?
Why does water pool or puddle on a flat surface instead of spreading out evenly?
Why is noah doing a report on river otters?
Why is fuzzy bear so fuzzy?
Why does Emma leave H2o?
Why are practical jokes funny?
Why did William Hamilton invent the jet boat?
Why is home important?
Why do people think Charlie the Unicorn is funny?
Why do Latinas always look hot?
Why do overalls have belt loops since they are held up at the top by the straps?
Why does viacom ruin everything it touches?
Why do people laugh at the Creationists?
Why does your girlfriend have a hairy bottom?
Why does ice cream not have bones?
Why does a cow that touches an electric fence experience a mild shock?
Why are rich people so stuborn?
Why do you have to type a question?
Why did infiniti name their cars infiniti?
Why does your belly button collect blue fluff?
Why does Rowdy eat cats?
Why was the ant confused?
Why are enzymes used to make sliming food?
Why are some questions asked on this site so retarded?
Why is 9 scared of 7?
Why are so many people asking the additional science coursework questions on this website?
Why did the bullet go thru the chickens head?
Why were pranks made?
Why is angle of the north built?
Why are people the only things that can laugh?
Why is an astronaut like an American footballer?
Why did Zia wee on the carpet?
Why is your mom a great comeback?
Why do you keep asking destinney weird questions?
Why do you have night time?
Why is poop awesome?
Why is a corndog like life?
Why is Remington so awesome?
Why is the parliament house on the 5 dollar note?
Why do you like thw word awesome?
Why did the teacher have an automobile accident?
Why do hobos eat out the trash?
Why do writers not like their own work?
Why did Droctagonapus die?
Why do you even want to download that?
Why do you need a bathing suit at the beach?
Why do people tickle each other?
Why is steven Allen finley famous?
Why is there only one girl smuff?
Why would you need to do that?
Why did the chicken look both ways before he crossed the road?
Why did bryn dump his girlfriend?
Why did the mattress disappeared?
Why did the chicken eat pancakes?
Why does grass grow so slow when life goes by real fast?
Why does bobby call sydnee double e?
Why do guys burp?
Why did the butt cross the road?
Why do males have a sac?
Why should Matthew underhill be famous?
Why was the jaws film set on the 4th July?
Why do people ask the most stupid questions here?
Why are undefined terms called undefined?
Why was francisco olvera born?
Why was Anthony pagayonan born?
Why did you get a bad grade on your science test?
Why was shadae leander born?
Why are old men so nasty?
Why do you form the comedy where you can look at something and think of something witty or funny about and it turns out funny?
Why should canberrans save water?
Why does Emma not kiss Daniel?
Why does Tom Griswald always wear the same shirt?
Why does vladimir426 wear a bag of her head?
Why is it that whenever somebody walks past you they faint?
Why are you a tellietubie that has just been killed why cant that be me?
Why did the termite like expensive hotels?
Why is the meaning of the universe 42?
Why do guys text if they want stop talking as friends?
Why do old people fart when they stand up?
Why is electronics so boring?
Why do you cough twice when you squeeze fuzzy dice?
Why should this be so?
Why do farmers always put the gate in the muddiest part of the field?
Why did the soccer ball quit the team?
Why is corbyn so cute?
Why do girls burp?
Why is the packet of a kit kat red?
Why is the six afraid of the seven?
Why is a watch called a kettle?
Why do adults laugh when they hear a baby laugh?
Why do so many people play the game?
Why do you believe achievers are skeptics?
Why do people take a crap instead of leave them?
Why does your belly button sing to you?
Why did your friend put chicken wings in their underwear then hit you in the head with it while you were asleep?
Why did the peacock cross the road?
Why is it when i go to sleep i cant rember waking up talking with family members in other parts of the house and do chores but have no recollecion of it?
Why are funbrain makers so dome?
Why does Royce have a big head?
Why did the bicycle go to a phychiatrist?
Why do peolpe think blondes are dumb?
Why does my Snapper snow blower mod5230 NOT have a fuel tank shut off?
Why is there no information relating to ThrowUndercom The official site to Throw Someone Under the Bus?
Why is summer a slummer?
Why is mellisa so pretty?
Why do you have strange feelings about men?
Why do dick heads put assholish answers to questions people ask?
Why does it look like a ranibow when you hold up water to the sun?
Why is a gay person considered happyness?
Why do girls go for the mean guys?
Why did the man sleep with the ruler?
Why is mom so grumpy?
Why is Jason suess so radical?
Why does every Disney actor becomes a singer?
Why cant a hippo fly?
Why is a piggyback ride called a piggyback ride?
Why is Tim westwood such a dck?
Why did Frankie Boyle leave Mock The Week?
Why do you fire people for doing nothing wrong?
Why does no one know anything?
Why do people shave half their head?
Why does murder face talk funny?
Why do eggshells taste like pineapple?
Why did the invisible man go crazy?
Why are people not allowed to record at Walmart?
Why does one part of Philippines has suffer plenty kinds of typhoon?
Why is will ferrell famous?
Why are all gingerbread men so happy?
Why are asking questions is has bad grammar and worse spelleng?
Why do people greet each other?
Why is michal hammond get calls from her dad during school?
Why do some people have low common sense?
Why do you have a sore hip?
Why did David Hernandez make happiness epidemic?
Why are you guys such fails?
Why did Justinian build Hagia Sophia?
Why does anyone ever bother to ask a question on this wikianswers because all you get in reply is a dumb anus who thinks they are funny?
Why does gene like Virginia?
Why are kindergarteners stupid?
Why does your broom stand alone when the north pole and south pole are in a certain position?
Why am I stupid?
Why does your downstairs tinkle?
Why are anecdotes stupid?
Why was univerisal studios created?
Why do black people call the back of their head the kitchen?
Why do yo think the host proposes the story telling contest?
Why does Terry Wogan get paid for hosting Children in need?
Why would some one name a kid Dalton?
Why do cats like fish yet they dont like water?
Why are dutch tall?
Why is Marijana illlegal?
Why is clark fat?
Why are men so impossible to put up with?
Why is the word penis funny?
Why has chubs got one ball?
Why do girls dress provocatively and then get upset when guys look at them?
Why is it so dark today in Britain?
Why is kelly mental?
Why is ailish best?
Why does the boy bring a ruler to sleep with him?
Why is this question here?
Why are so many latin or spanish men gay?
Why do people say its always in the last place you look why would you keep looking?
Why do the carrots and green beans want to go to the party in my tummy?
Why do terrorists like tacos?
Why do people keep on asking questions?
Why was 6 afrad of 7?
Why are women so protective of their breasts and wont just let us see them and squeeze them?
Why does EJ have a big head?
Why are there complications with the church?
Why are boys weird and girls cool?
Why do cool guys not look at explosions?
Why do natachalie ask so many questions?
Why is Boy George so scary?
Why is Trey song new video so sexual?
Why does your brother flick your arm?
Why are non renewable resources so important?
Why are pussys tight?
Why did eamon and frankee broke up?
Why is Dr Cumulus answering so many questions with inaccurate information?
Why are you asking me?
Why do some people say prank calls and some say krank calls?
Why do some people say prank call and some people say krank call?
Why do you talk to people?
Why is dishawn a qeeur?
Why did Smiley crossed the road?
Why did Sura cry like a baby?
Why is hi high?
Why are boys pain in the butts?
Why does a fart come to my bed and chant in gibberish on mondays?
Why did the pony have to gargle?
Why do you need a thooth brush?
Why do people prank?
Why are people posting crazy statements on their Facebook page?
Why is it so important?
Why did whitehead punch him?
Why do People like bubbles so much?
Why are people so serious about different things?
Why do cruise ships have so much stuff on them?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why is Andrea Dukes so amazing?
Why did the bee go to the doctor?
Why did your friend anne move away?
Why do north carolinians do hip hop?
Why does anyone anywhere in the world do Hip Hop?
Why is Jeremy ball famous?
Why do people have sick minds?
Why do you get attracted with one having opposite gender?
Why is purple purple?
Why do you ask?
Why should our company drop everything and call you?
Why do people find being put on hold annoying?
Why do girls argue so much?
Why do aliens burp?
Why did Italy choose Italian as their Language?
Why do potatoes have noses?
Why did the horse pick its nose?
Why does lsughing make you fart?
Why should Family Guy mock ET the Extraterrestrial?
Why are small things cuter than big things?
Why are punks so gothish?
Why are students wearing robes and carrying a brick around campus?
Why are clowns a benefit to society?
Why do cleo and rosie bother going to school?
Why does the person in front of you in a movie theater have such big hair or is so tall?
Why is ask jeves better?
Why did ankin go evil?
Why are the mangroves important?
Why are you up in my buisness?
Why is josh smith awesome?
Why do they throw food at the Irish Italian parade?
Why are you not a peanut?
Why did patillogiggin pull pranks?
Why do people choose o go on Wikipedia rather than just look it up on Google?
Why do workers yell headache when they drop something from overhead?
Why is Tristan Scott such a jerk?
Why would blondes get there own day?
Why do young women pull awful faces when taking boots off?
Why does your computer threaten you with evil carrots?
Why would you want to do either?
Why are little girls generally more enthralled with horses than little boys?
Why do you cry though?
Why is Charlie the Unicorn so popular?
Why do people laugh manically?
Why is July 30th national cheesecake day?
Why did Will Ferrell take the role of anchorman?
Why is a magnifying glass so hot under the sun?
Why do men get jealouse?
Why has josh coals worn a different hat every day this week?
Why did the nasty kid put ice cubes in his aunts bed?
Why is a ferrets head saying the alphabet backwards and twiching?
Why do you find him funny?
Why are sausages made of steel?
Why did people hang a bell on the graves when someone was buried?
Why do desire to be an animator?
Why do blondes wear underwear?
Why are short people funny?
Why did Cheryl Cole cross the road?
Why do you scream if you see yourself in a mirror?
Why does testicals stick to one another?
Why do people tightrope walk between two towers?
Why does Scott still have his clothes on?
Why did we start eating?
Why do people always seem to be inapropriate?
Why does your hotel on Hotel City Seems to be having more problems lately such as Ghosts and Fires etc?
Why is toilet humour so funny?
Why do people have to be so dumb gay retarted and just plain stupid?
Why is jills brain so big?
Why did the pickle cross the street?
Why does it smell really bad after your dad has been in the toilet?
Why are gnomes always laughing?
Why is Zoe siting in front of you?
Why did r kelley pee on a girl?
Why is it so much more fun swimming underwater?
Why is satin and silk so sexy?
Why are Teachers Trying to make there students Laugh?
Why can I Laugh?
Why are People Trying To Make Me Laugh?
Why did hulk cross the road?
Why do teenage guys take everything the wrong way?
Why do they show a plate of food after the credits on each show of Everyone Loves Raymond?
Why is lee Evans called monkey boy?
Why do people ask wacky questions?
Why do Alice the one in the wonderland calls it wonderland i prefer the weirdo land?
Why is ted huggins gay?
Why does 4 plus 4 equal chicken?
Why are girls a holes?
Why are wives like fishermen?
Why did the pie go the dentist?
Why do people slap themselves?
Why are you not allowed to take nuts to school?
Why did the peddler sign himself as Captain Von Stahle?
Why do some people think this site is getting stupid?
Why is dictionary on a spelling list?
Why is sara bergen such an amazing person?
Why does everyone who reads this lose the game?
Why do girls cover there mouth when they are surprised?
Why did the rooster go to whataburger?
Why doesnt a chicken lay a loaf of bread?
Why did anyone did not wanted to sleep with daddy dinosaur?
Why is a like twelve o clock?
Why do people write things like on the table in their status?
Why was Andy Warhola faumous?
Why does WikiAnswers insist on horrible grammar and spelling in your questions?
Why is Dylan van preat so mean?
Why do you crawl in a building full of smoke?
Why is the crips so at killing us?
Why are there people not aliens in the world?
Why was curiosity not subject to diciplinary action when it killed that poor cat?
Why does ink overflow when the ink in a pen is about to finish?
Why is it hard to swallow while your head is leaning back?
Why are your waffles soggy?
Why is it funny when people fall over?
Why is ferrell know as will not john?
Why does your mum look so weird?
Why is Mr Young crazy?
Why is your mom moaning at night?
Why dont people just shut up?
Why do some people give up their lives to help others?
Why would life throw you lemons?
Why is your big mamma cranky?
Why is Joshuah awesome?
Why do your feet keep falling off?
Why are new teachers so quick to become jerks?
Why do maintenance men know so little about maintaining property?
Why are people afraid to help one another?
Why do you think you are better than anyone else?
Why do kids start biting nails?
Why is Melissa freeman so pretty?
Why is the world orange like cheese?
Why is hana so peng?
Why do thick beards itch?
Why do you block and from the questions?
Why is Kristin Howard so weird and uncool?
Why is it not bad to watch lesbians making out?
Why does rihanna have her friends birthday tattooed on her?
Why is the letter g the sun?
Why did they kill desert punk but keep the show going?
Why are some windows pames made of frosted glass?
Why can people be happy?
Why does not water denature protein?
Why are pants attacking people?
Why is person unanswerable to some questions?
Why are funny people always annoying retards gays or challanged?
Why do you all love fleur?
Why should the next man lie when the guys whose name is steven?
Why is your face on fire?
Why is it so important to wear a jacket?
Why do you have daydream believers?
Why did dobbie die?
Why is soda brown?
Why does it hurt to mastarbate?
Why is it important to keep promisses to your self?
Why are boys slow when it comes to school?
Why is christian vera gay?
Why are people in the pentagon always disagreeing with each other?
Why do leprechauns carry pots of gold?
Why was the loaf of Brad related question locked before there was discussion to clarify what species is a Brad?
Why can proffessor magonical change into a cat but i cant?
Why did chester bennington say He was forcibly pushing her away with his arm and I had to get in between them so I shoved him back?
Why were only boys used in plays in 1599?
Why do Indians have funny accent?
Why are certain hardware that come together named after your male and female parts?
Why is it called tickle toutre?
Why is Joseph Haynes so cool?
Why can you not crack my knuckles?
Why does milly lund think she is cool?
Why is kieran a weiner butt?
Why were most 1960s games popular?
Why are teens sterotyping?
Why is Caine mean to Alli?
Why is 1st December so important?
Why dont you like raina mock?
Why do martial arts instructors have lots of tattoos?
Why did coach martin not bring his chocolate cookies?
Why does chona fancy mona?
Why did the mushroom like to tell jokes?
Why is wilneth tired?
Why was trey songs raised as a military brat?
Why is there band aids on the ceiling?
Why does your mom like you?
Why are snowmen white?
Why do you say bwahhhhhh?
Why do people go to Benidorm?
Why is ben potts gay?
Why are tales rewritten?
Why do all superheroes wear spandex?
Why does garlic jr look so much like dende?
Why is it there have a gay in the world?
Why are habitias importan?
Why does winterfresh last longer than double mint and why?
Why do so many people like pie?
Why is the font used on this website so big?
Why do gingers deserve souls?
Why does cupid shoot people in the tooshie?
Why is it that black boys are cocky?
Why is mike such a gay homo?
Why do celebrities join alluminati?
Why were folktales told orally?
Why might it be important to differentiate rice plants by the amount of starch they contain?
Why is nz cool?
Why is important to be a immortal in the story of dracula?
Why is it that you have no friends?
Why did teyana harrison cross the road?
Why should you put your hood over your right shoulder?
Why is August speller so hit?
Why is the west end centre in Aldershot?
Why should you waste my time listening to people who are clearly less important than me?
Why is Russia such a fast country?
Why is it called a drivethrough if you have to stop?
Why is jay a homo?
Why are black guys so good at basket ball?
Why doesnt a shark attack black people?
Why was he unhappy with his way of life?
Why are you going to the softball game tonight JiWoon?
Why does weird stuff always happen in regular show?
Why do some people get upset when you say a bad joke that they had said earilier to you?
Why do balloons put us in happy moods?
Why are maths teachers retarded?
Why do hobos eat their own poo?
Why do you nullfunmick?
Why does jack kay go on rage?
Why do people spend their time on askcom when the should realy just get a life?
Why is it hot to Japanese to see panties?
Why does it take only one woman with PMT to change a light bulb?
Why are people on this website Answer com dumber than3rd graders?
Why is Liam oxberry cool?
Why do people want to use gene splicing?
Why do men named Richard choose to be called DICK instead of Rick?
Why is weird a weird word?
Why is the why did the chicken cross the road joke funny?
Why doesnt anyone talk to you?
Why did the student bring scissors to school?
Why do your farts smell like a rose garden?
Why is the game pickle ball named pickle ball if the ball is not shape like a pickle?
Why are there so many mean people here?
Why is it so difficult to get rid of?
Why do you have a grandma?
Why is there a strip search in zoo weeklycom?
Why was Germany successful in the early part of World War 2?
Why is choking a smurf illegal?
Why would you say hi?
Why does it feel like someone is breathing on your neck even when no one is there?
Why do people named Scott get called Steve?
Why is the bent head such a sket?
Why cant people compare apples and oranges?
Why did the ear run away from the nose?
Why is the limphatis system good for your body?
Why does wikianswers have no purpose and completely a pointless waste of space?
Why do parents check if kids are sleeping before they have sex?
Why do they add fake laughing on some television programs?
Why did the sheepdog have her puppies in a rubbish bin?
Why does Katie have a huge butt?
Why did the cook get arrested?
Why is dillon so ugly?
Why is bubble gum so good?
Why is a witty ending called an epigram?
Why has the website potionsandsnitches been suspended?
Why do bottled rockets fly?
Why doctors have bad penmanship?
Why do famous people think they are so much better then everyone else?
Why were the elephants asked to leave the swimming pool?
Why do hobos steal from little kids?
Why is a fez cool?
Why was the cucumber so angry?
Why does fpsrussia hate pumpkins?
Why are you laughing so much?
Why are joke books not funny?
Why does you poop smell like rotten egg?
Why can Dan do that Kentucky archaeology so nice?
Why is it when the traffic is moving slowest they call it the Rush Hour?
Why would a boxer be a terrible comedian?
Why did the mushroom go to the party One Direction said that What video Zayn said it he was laughing his butt off?
Why are there more tourists nowadays?
Why is it that people are so dumb when you just sit back and laugh at a direlect?
Why does maj never help?
Why dont all humans like pickles?
Why did you like pie?
Why is violence relevant to you?
Why are some humans a lot funnier than other humans?
Why is the person you are calling not answering their phone?
Why does everyone say Lottsa Spaghetti?
Why are peoples laughs different?
Why do penguins walk on 2 feet instead of sliding on their stomachs?
Why do people make fun of the Irish so often?
Why is domo so famous?
Why are there thirteen holes in saltines?
Why do people laugh when yo get told not too?
Why is it so much fun to pop bubble wrap?
Why do people stuff their shoe laces in?
Why does shelby depko smell weird?
Why do the call weed pot?
Why did the army wait to kill osama bin laden in 2011 instead of 2001?
Why did the boy fall out of the tree?
Why do you and mommy make so much noise in the middle of the night?
Why does a woman need a pack of cards to love a man?
Why is bubzbeauty so pretty?
Why should youth prefer an adventurous life in every aspect?
Why do the people in Borderlands wear masks?
Why do gals talk about themselves so much on a first date?
Why are blondes considered to be thick and funny?
Why did astroworld closed?
Why did astroworld shut down?
Why do women like to have their pussy licked?
Why do females go against each other so easily?
Why do people throw chilli over someone?
Why does rhyphor suck?
Why do you like cosplay?
Why did Elizabeth 1st want the gold and silver from the Spanish?
Why was Lola Bunny created?
Why am I a waffle?
Why is there so many names for butt?
Why are you eating Grated cheese?
Why do hobos eat their own poop?
Why does american media always insult the Liberty statue Mount Rushmore Iffal tower etc through their films and cartoons?
Why is danboe famous?
Why do girls laugh when someone insults you?
Why is dream analysis awarded the same value as psychology while palm reading and tarot are not?
Why did the bus driver go broke?
Why do melons always have large weddings?
Why do people put wheat stalks or straw in their mouths?
Why are there racist people on the world?
Why is josh chambers a man slag?
Why does Octavio have a big head?
Why do people ask such stupid questions on Answerscom?
Why are gingers amazing?
Why does singing motivate you?
Why are people in the world so stingy and greedy?
Why did the blonde call herself?
Why is iqra a bodie?
Why do smurfs not wear shirts?
Why are silly dogs so silly?
Why does Henry have no ball sack?
Why do kids talk to much?
Why were the cows in the middle of the feild?
Why do you have state govermentsin the USa?
Why did Fred closed his account?
Why is pang stupid?
Why is the green m and m a girl?
Why are the walls speaking Japanese?
Why is minecraft the best game?
Why is poor rosemarie foley so small and cute?
Why does a monkey say hi?
Why did the fly play outfield?
Why did you not pursue your dream?
Why did the moron climb the glass wall?
Why is Joel kay weird?
Why is Matt Lexvold such a redneck?
Why are tater tots associated with being retarded?
Why should people learn to appreciate corn?
Why are willow trees so depressed?
Why is Dena Mohseni so sexy?
Why is jack madden gay?
Why did Frankie cocozo get kicked out?
Why are young boys so stupid?
Why do wiki answers fail?
Why did the turkey cross the road?
Why does the narrator have a hard time explaining the two dimensional world of flatland to the kind of lineland?
Why is Owen ginger?
Why is derrick not going on the field trip?
Why is Dexter proud of his version of events that occured on his story?
Why do Americans find throwing a pie into someones face funny?
Why do the people at pine cove have funny names?
Why is a jacket called a jacket?
Why is loseli cool?
Why should one dream?
Why are canadians so happy?
Why is hi sort for hello?
Why is conner Mute an idiot?
Why is Aristophanes known as the father of Comedy?
Why did Pandora choose fin over cosi?
Why is yullan so gay?
Why can people be so negative?
Why do you all have to be sarcastic?
Why did the cow steel your car?
Why is jenny salgado so cute?
Why is ollie playing sugar sugar Christmas?
Why do you want to be kind?
Why do people say pineapples?
Why is internship important to be a professional?
Why was rany born looking like a rat?
Why does voldimort not have a nose?
Why are black ppl called nigros?
Why did auron disappear?
Why is poo mushy?
Why is Matt schroll so ugly?
Why are people with the last name of clark called nobby?
Why do you fart every time you eat beans?
Why does a little candle hurt more tha big candle?
Why would someone spend billions of dollars to create fake fossils?
Why did the man sleep at the furniture store?
Why is kimkardashians butt so big?
Why do people say honky?
Why did your monkey dance?
Why are asdf movies in German?
Why are humans so obnoxious?
Why is poo called stool?
Why is this site bad at answering questions?
Why do people think discord and princess celestia were dating?
Why do people do you think people do meth mouth?
Why do people like juliet prowse?
Why do people like to play monopoly?
Why do people smile when they laugh?
Why do people like blondes?
Why do people think blondes are stupid?
Why do people wear tights in sports?
Why do dogs go woof?
Why do people scream?
Why are dams made?
Why does copper rust?
Why do many earthquakes occur in California?
Why cant boys wear tights?
Why does your beard itch?
Why do you burp so much?
Why does cellular respiration stop after glycolysis when no oxygen is present?
Why does Barney sing?
Why do teens treat themselves to ice cream on Saturdays?
Why do most people laugh when others do?
Why did the writer enjoy living in the basement?
Why are little sisters anoying?
Why are feet so ticklish?
Why do gorillas have big fingers?
Why is this website annoying?
Why was silly putty invented?
Why are oreos bad for you?
Why is it that people say they slept like a baby when babies wake up like every two hours?
Why do you get constapated?
Why is this website so annoying?
Why did fuzzy wuzzy have no hair?
Why do buses come in threes?
Why does bridgette get voted off in total drama island?
Why is Ricky Carmichael called GOAT?
Why is concrete used for pavements?
Why are they called oreos?
Why are houses called houses, or cats called cats?
Why is it over 9000?
Why do people always want to laugh?
Why cant you open some sites?
Why are people hunting pandas?
Why did Ernst Mach create the optical illusion?
Why are teenagers difficult?
Why are comedians funny?
Why does putting someones hand in warm water make them pee?
Why do people laugh when they are tickled?
Why do you laugh when people tickled us?
Why did the zebra cross the road?
Why do hobos smell?
Why did the chicken crossthe road?
Why did the cow cross the street?
Why is the bird the word?
Why are hobos mean?
Why is so boring?
Why are cabbages green?
Why do deaths come in threes?
Why were crop circles made?
Why did Halloween become scary?
Why are aeroplanes shaped with a pointed nose?
Why is will rogers famous?
Why are people so anoying?
Why do you get static shock?
Why do boys have cooties?
Why do you use biofuels?
Why are penises called penises?
Why did the ghost cross the road?
Why do men have doodles?
Why are Indians so smart?
Why do men fart?
Why do people like being tickled?
Why cant you answer a straight question about obamas policies?
Why is punxsutawney Phil important?
Why do people swere?
Why do people scream for their mothers when they die?
Why is the trumpet in the brass family?
Why is there hair on your nose?
Why do you call people sluts?
Why am I so random?
Why are people tickled?
Why do people like being naked?
Why does your weiner hurt?
Why do bus drivers rush to their routes most of the time?
Why might educated middle class women get involved in the settlement house movement?
Why do Indiarners have so funny names?
Why was Fred on iCarly?
Why did 7 ate 9?
Why is a donkey a jack ass?
Why are houses haunted?
Why do the earthquakes occur?
Why is Wikipedia boring?
Why is it always soo boring?
Why do you have egg hunts on Easter?
Why are fish boring?
Why are rocks so boring?
Why do people laugh at you?
Why is la so boring?
Why is thiswebite boring?
Why do you use tongue twisters?
Why was Strong Bad made?
Why does Thomas Sangster look so young?
Why are some people ticklish and others not?
Why is ridding the nose of its hair not advantageous?
Why are chain letters illegal?
Why was Where is waldo banned?
Why was jaws set around the 4th of July?
Why was Tigger looking in the toilet?
Why do your daddy fart?
Why is parliament house on the 5 dollar note?
Why does musiq soulchild wear glasses?
Why do hobos get into your car?
Why do some people sneeze louder than others?
Why does your big toe pop?
Why do people act porn?
Why does she sell seashells on the seashore?
Why do mens breast hurt?
Why is the number 69 funny?
Why does your left leg itch so much?
Why do people always go for the biggest laugh?
Why does money smell funny?
Why are mosquitoes good?
Why do people live in suburbs?
Why are most people ticklish on their feet?
Why was being a pirate a crime?
Why do Asian women go barefoot?
Why do people tell fairy tales?
Why do people play footsie?
Why are you who you are?
Why is cheryl cole fit?
Why do people live in Mali?
Why cant you touch the elf on the shelf?
Why is E gaines story called the sky is gray?
Why do people use their voices when they laugh?
Why does Australia have so little rain?
Why is 69 so funny?
Why does music need structure?
Why would people laugh at you?
Why do your mom jokes exist?
Why is meiosis important to livings?
Why is the longest human nose on record only 11 inches long?
Why do you think the values of the samurai code appealed to the Japanese for centuries?
Why did Kevin klutter give up tap dancing?
Why is joking good?
Why is boys ranch so strict and gay?
Why do people smile when laughing?
Why did the toilet roll down the hill?
Why did Jupiter eat Mars?
Why does inhaling helium increase voice pitch?
Why is youths causing vandalism?
Why cant you be a baby on clubpenguin?
Why is insulating material needed?
Why does the front door in mulatto symbolize respect?
Why is 1868 important for Illinois?
Why was blah blah blah made?
Why did more kids survive the titanic?
Why is Lisa jealous of sonia?
Why do your legs itch so much?
Why was the beach wet?
Why do you keep snorting when you laugh?
Why are most people ticklelish under the feet?
Why was sillt putty invented?
Why did they become whigs?
Why is parliamet house on the 5 note?
Why do people laugh at brian peppers?
Why do farmers put goats on different parts of land?
Why do you get paranoid on ecstacy?
Why do you get paranoid on your mom?
Why do eggs break when they fall?
Why is nitinol good for braces?
Why does muller wish kantorek were there?
Why does shuffling feet across a carpet create electricity?
Why is ICP so freakin awesome?
Why does the light on a mouse have to be red?
Why is a mom so grumpy in the morning?
Why do girls like lap dances?
Why is prank calling bad?
Why do starts need helium?
Why do people laugh when someone tickles them?
Why is constantinople advantageously located?
Why is gay spelled gay?
Why is radon gas dangerous at high levels?
Why does ripping paper make babies laugh?
Why can a table cloth be pulled out from under a dish?
Why is important to save eletricity at home appliances?
Why does penguins walk on 2 feet instead of sliding on its stomach?
