Why did the KKK covered their faces?
Why is it illegal to sell used mattress in Florida?
Why is mooning illegal?
Why is there no statute of limitations for murder?
Why were your children taken away?
Why do some tax laws take effect on the date they are introduced as legislation and not on the day they are signed into law by the President?
Why would Bellevue Washington offer a deferred no seat belt ticket plea?
Why is it legal to use tobacco yet illegal to kill yourself?
Why do they need to get Without Bond from Master Charge to start proceedings with an Estate account?
Why would a creditor sue you if you live in a state that does not allow wage garnishment?
Why would you want to sign a birth certificate?
Why are consumer fireworks illegal in Pennslvania?
Why do people get married?
Why would an inmate be moved from one facility to another?
Why are federal judges appointed for life?
Why does knife crime happen?
Why is your relative denying possession of a personal property you lent him?
Why does the constitution define treason?
Why do people put flowers over graves?
Why should a bald person or person with a shaved head be require the use of a hairnet?
Why does some contests are void in the Province of Quebec?
Why are public records not free to the public who pays to have them collected?
Why are sites that sell tickets at many times their face value like Stubhubcom not shut down for scalping?
Why is jaywalking illegal?
Why was Bill Clinton impeached?
Why did the FDIC increase their limit to 250000?
Why did Anti Federalists oppose ratification?
Why are the police referred to as Pigs?
Why does Australia need laws?
Why are jewel thieves called cat burglars?
Why did Great Britain enact the sugar act the stamp act the declaratory act and the Townshend acts and why did the colonists oppose these?
Why did the hooverville soup kitchen happen?
Why shall is used in legal text?
Why do countries establish high commission in Australia?
Why are you against the insanity defense?
Why did the colonists rebel against britain?
Why do cops say freeze?
Why is it illegal to sell your kidneys?
Why did segregation convince Ralph Abernathy to become a leader of the civil rights movement?
Why is slavery still happening today?
Why does your cell phone have an echo and how do you fix it?
Why are US Supreme Court justices appointed instead of elected?
Why is abortion legal?
Why is feminism important today?
Why should that you legal?
Why should Frank de Jong be elected as leader of the Green party?
Why do barking dogs seldom bite?
Why did president Truman agree to use the atomic bomb in world war two?
Why does suboxone show up in drug test?
Why are nunchakus illegal?
Why do stores prohibit loitering when the person doing it is not bothering anyone?
Why is SlaughterHouse Five banned from school Districts?
Why does the congress think gays are wrong?
Why does California have the most electoral votes?
Why are taxes a significant issue for the American people?
Why is the federal court system arranged in a pyramidal shape with many lower courts at the bottom and one Supreme Court at the top?
Why is law important for a society?
Why are both spouses required to be on the property deed but not on the refinanced mortgage loan and who would be responsible upon the death of one spouse?
Why is it discriminatory to call someone stupid?
Why is it that if you hit a child you get sentenced for jail for 2 years but if you abuse an animal you get sentenced to jail for 3 years?
Why is K an abbreviation used for the word contract?
Why was the drinking age raised to 21 in the US?
Why do you need laws?
Why did the driving age go up?
Why would a husband keep his first wife on the deed of the house and refuse to add his second wife to it?
Why does the us attorney make agreements they do not have honor?
Why do people obey the law?
Why do wages get garnished?
Why were the three branches of the government formed?
Why would a seventeen year old leave home to do drugs?
Why cant the president declare war?
Why is internet gambling illegal?
Why were child labor laws put into place?
Why is conflict check important when before entering employment with a law firm?
Why was abbot whiting brutally executed?
Why did General Hull surrender Fort Detroit?
Why did people wear wigs during the constitutional convention of 1778?
Why do court houses use a V instead of the U Like Covrt Hovse?
Why is democracy the government by the many?
Why would repo man surrender plates to dmv?
Why is the government against skateboarding?
Why is an accused person entitled to a speedy and public trial?
Why are people disrespectfull?
Why did John Locke believe people formed governments?
Why is it legal to smoke tobacco but not marijuana?
Why is parliament important?
Why are men expected to work from daylight to bedtime?
Why is amendment 25 important?
Why is child porn illegal?
Why do ya ask?
Why did they make proclamation of 1763?
Why is there a bicameral legislature?
Why should president arroyo resign?
Why are prices for food in Singapore increasing although the amount of food is still abundant?
Why are narcotic drugs illegal?
Why is touching someone on the butt against the law?
Why do people agree with gun control?
Why were laws created?
Why is it illegal to tear off the tag that come on a mattress?
Why is it important to have good judgment?
Why is the Constitution so flexible?
Why have some countries in Central America and Caribbean had trouble establishing democracies?
Why are precedents important?
Why do judges use a hammer in court?
Why is Nazism illegal in Germany?
Why would a police officer note in his report that a man looked as if he should be arrested if the man were clean shaven wore clean clothes was courteous and had not been drinking or using drugs?
Why is it taking so long for the courts to decide if the Duke lacrosse players are innocent or guilty?
Why was I stopped for using my high beams at night?
Why are there two senators for New York?
Why do teenagers have curfew hours?
Why did dog the bounty hunter get taken off the air?
Why is nudity censored on Public TV?
Why are teenagers negative?
Why do judges and Supreme Court justices wear black robes?
Why does the US have both federal courts and state courts?
Why was Okonkwo exiled from his village for seven years?
Why is a man responsible for paying support of a child that has been proven not to be his when the biological father is known in Washington State?
Why is Jamestown important?
Why do you want to work with people with developmental disabilities?
Why should you stop war?
Why is it legal to have an abortion but illegal to kill yourself?
Why is Canada a safe place to live?
Why did Timothy McVeigh bomb the Federal Building in Oklahoma City?
Why is Jamestown Virginia important?
Why do people migrate from Spain to other countries?
Why is further research needed among young people who use drugs?
Why do we need laws?
Why are national and state government separated into three branches?
Why has the Surpreme Court been important in making policy throughout Unites States history?
Why did dog the bounty hunter chase a criminal into the Mexico?
Why did settlers settle in New Hampshire?
Why are sit down strikes illegal?
Why is it important for Congress to approve presidential appointments?
Why can not a working man with a felon find a decent place to live in the town of Hood River Oregon?
Why should teens have curfews?
Why should you have the death penalty?
Why do people use fingerprints?
Why did Ray Charles wear sunglasses?
Why is Washington DC a special city?
Why are minorities allowed special privileges when it comes to university acceptance?
Why is the legal system and court necessary in society?
Why does a democratic country need a constitution?
Why are there more US Courts of Appeals than Circuit Courts?
Why do you have collective rights?
Why can someone decide or choose to read law?
Why are some police cars painted black and white?
Why did Prohibition not work?
Why is it legal for a seventeen to leave home?
Why are there three branches of government in the US?
Why do legislative branch holds more power?
Why is Jamestown Virginia Famous?
Why is violence wrong?
Why do we have laws?
Why is it necessary for a country to have sovereignty?
Why is there a difference in the number of bones from when your a child and an adult?
Why is the commerce clause important?
Why does tenten love neji?
Why are the laws of the United States important to us citizens?
Why do people think segregation is right?
Why was the green party formed?
Why is it illegal when brother and sister have sex?
Why do you do euthanasia?
Why is it legal to smoke in Holland?
Why were so many 18th century Americans concerned about the executives salary?
Why do people stand when the US Supreme Court justices enter the courtroom?
Why would lawyers refuse to the use civil law codes?
Why was article 2 of The Constitution written?
Why are there more men in prison than women?
Why is the senate called the house that never dies?
Why is it illegal to be in public naked?
Why do some cities have limits on the amount of years someone can hold office for?
Why have there been changes to speed limits during the last 100 years?
Why did the US decided not to get involved at world war 1 in 1914?
Why were women treated differently?
Why is public safety important?
Why is there a need for safe construction practices?
Why did machiavelli fake his death?
Why do so many people get kidnapped in Mexico?
Why are ohs meetings important?
Why do we have rules and laws?
Why are so many cases decided without a trial?
Why is it important to serve in court as a juror?
Why do you need handguns?
Why is legislation the most important source of law?
Why do people do cacoanie?
Why are hulk and Linda hogan getting a divorce?
Why did the Industrial Revolution began?
Why do you have courts of appeal?
Why did the us issue a war bond in world war 1?
Why do celebrities like Jeremy Shum and Lindsay Lohan do so much bad?
Why do gnomes always fish?
Why did Nahum Grymes get arrested?
Why do Muslims believe they should gve to charity?
Why should federal judges be elected?
Why do teens runaway?
Why should pornagraphy be banned?
Why would you sue for specific performance?
Why are geodes found in some places and not others?
Why is the US Court System called a dual court system?
Why is prior restraint forbidden in the US?
Why is it important to have written laws?
Why was the townshend acts important?
Why does my mother have to have a birth certificate to renew her expired license but Barack Obama does not have to show a birth certificate to become president because it is an invasion of privacy?
Why is it legal to smoke marijuana in Amsterdam?
Why are laws different from state to state?
Why are there no American cruise ships?
Why are guns legal?
Why does the government need to collect taxes?
Why do you need a lawyer?
Why was FDIC started?
Why should guns be legal to carry?
Why is it a good reason that Mexico is important?
Why is police brutality wrong?
Why is the location of sovereignty in a state so important?
Why is nudity illegal?
Why is third world debt bad?
Why do you need power of attorney?
Why do people say guns are the problem when its actually the person behind the trigger?
Why is Maths Worldwide being sued?
Why is the US Constitution the Supreme Law of the Land?
Why should cigarettes be legal?
Why is a patent important?
Why cant the drinking age be lowered?
Why do Americans feel that poverty is a result of personal inadequacies of the poor themselves?
Why is wearing a panty hose a problem at work?
Why do state courts not allow unpublished opinions to become persuasive precedent?
Why would a person contest a will?
Why do people have to pay to get out of jail?
Why should we wear attire when going swimming?
Why are wigs worn in English court rooms?
Why do you need to be licensed in landscaping?
Why is population bomb a problem in poor countries?
Why did the us change the age to go to war?
Why can jury members be challenged?
Why are people skeptical to seek redress in court of law?
Why does the jury have to be interviewed before jury duty?
Why are there problems over gun control?
Why would someone be granted a permit to carry a weapon?
Why do doctors wear a white coat while lawyers dress in black coats?
Why does the Constitution offer so many rights to individuals accused of a crime?
Why were tanks used in world war 1?
Why did congress start taxing income?
Why were the Chicago Special Police Patrol made What did the Chicago Special Police Patrol do When did the Chicago Spcial Police Patrol serve and what was the need for them?
Why are suppliers of military equipment exempt from antitrust laws?
Why should abortion be legal in your opinion?
Why is the courts decision wether to hear a case important?
Why do many countries establish embassies or high commissions in Australia and what are the reciprocal benefits?
Why is it legal to smoke tobacco?
Why is the Constitution important to the US?
Why did Marilyn Monroe not have an obituary in the New York Times or any newspaper anywhere?
Why do girls like older guys?
Why does someone have to be 16 in order to start driving?
Why are so many black men in prison?
Why is moonshine illegal?
Why is jury duty important?
Why did Isabella Baumfree change her name to Sojourner Truth?
Why do you have 3 branches of government?
Why did the Netherlands make euthanasia legal?
Why are Cuban cigars illegal in the US?
Why is it illegal to kill people?
Why does the government regulate some of the business system in your country?
Why did Britain create the Proclamation of 1763?
Why do kids have a lack of understanding politics?
Why are state governments not involved in foreign affairs?
Why is having a strong central government good?
Why is photography important in a crime scene?
Why is zero so important?
Why am I flirting with a 17 year old?
Why is Canada in Afghanistan?
Why is gay people a problem in the military?
Why did the puritans cross the Atlantic?
Why is a portion of my life insurance premium declared as taxable income?
Why is it important for people to be proud of their country?
Why is everyone too scared to badmouth Jimmy Godden of the burning theme park infamy?
Why did vennesa tack pitcurs of her self naked and put in YouTube?
Why is the senate called the upper house and the house called the lower house?
Why would the state matter?
Why was slavery the basis of roman society?
Why is Egypt overpopulated?
Why was Bush still the President of the US?
Why were the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigration Responsibility Act created?
Why is 18 the legal age to drink in Australia?
Why did Hawaii become part of the US?
Why is the 911 center called the 911 center?
Why does the United States State Department support terrorist schools in the America?
Why is the speaker of England not allowed to speak?
Why has the Supreme Court repeatedly ruled that flag burning is an acceptable form of political protest?
Why do people want to be a lawyer?
Why would you willingly see hundreds of millions of unnecessary deaths?
Why would you freeze a checking account?
Why was there a law written in may of 1942 restricting ice cream companies to only 20 flavors?
Why are you allowing thugs to rule your country?
Why is a step parent a legal guardian?
Why is mercy killing bad?
Why do you need rules?
Why do you need to have constitution?
Why is the election of 2008 making history?
Why do they use donkeys and elephants as government symbols?
Why do you need to go to jury duty?
Why is it important to obey and respect authorities?
Why do people do knife crime?
Why was the UK formed?
Why do have safety rules?
Why is there need for laws?
Why was the need for soil conservation act passed by congress necessary during the dust bowl?
Why did you decide to become a solicitor?
Why was the Northwest Ordinance an important law?
Why would a country not want a deathrate higher than its birthrate?
Why are juries rarely used for serious crime?
Why do countries have official languages?
Why is civilian authority at all times supreme over the military?
Why have Gold Coast council pools been closed?
Why do attorneys drop cases?
Why did Ossetia separate from Georgia?
Why is the president elected every 4 years?
Why do you have a calendar?
Why are cops so mean sometimes?
Why is prostitution illegal in the US and not because there are laws against it?
Why is crime bad?
Why does taxus brevifolius have potential as an anticancer drug?
Why was the Safety of Sports Grounds Act of 1975 put in place?
Why were the US Circuit Courts of Appeals created?
Why were circuit courts created?
Why did the delegates write a new constitution in 1787?
Why did the hire mercenaries to fight the war?
Why did WHO hire mercenaries to fight WHAT war?
Why is legislation a source of law?
Why do you have elections in the UK?
Why are cops called flatfoots?
Why is it illegal to remove a mattress tag?
Why does the US have a constitutional republic?
Why does power of attorney only last a year?
Why are there so many homeless people in Miami?
Why is it essential to comply with law when offering service?
Why are public masturbation and sex not allowed in public?
Why do dogs and cats not wear underwear?
Why was currency reform an important issue to agrarian activists?
Why does Illinois have a separate constitution from the national constitution?
Why were child labor laws made?
Why is skateboarding on public property illegal?
Why do Mexicans think they own the world?
Why is suicide illegal in most States?
Why should you not kill female children?
Why are senior citizens bad at driving?
Why did Britain stop the Stamp Act?
Why did the us put an embargo on china?
Why is it not illegal to bully in some places?
Why do gangs kill innocent people?
Why do you have trial by jury?
Why did political parties first form in America?
Why might an employer not want to conform to the Health and Safety Act?
Why did child labor laws start?
Why did Oj Simpson killed his wife and her friend?
Why do elected officials write laws?
Why is porn illegal for kids under18?
Why are illegal immigrants deported?
Why is case law important?
Why do have to say the dare pledge?
Why is torture effective?
Why is punishment dispensed after a criminal conviction?
Why is authority important?
Why did Alexander Hamilton the first secretary of the Treasury?
Why do children in poverty join gangs?
Why should someone follow the law?
Why should everybody follow the law?
Why is the drug illegal?
Why is there no general legal duty to honour a promise?
Why did hong kong name there capital Victoria?
Why are policeman important?
Why is the US District Court the busiest federal court?
Why do most people in this world smoke?
Why does the pound kill animals and is it illegal?
Why is a study of business Law important to you as citizen opf Pakistan?
Why is a study of Business Law important to you as a citizen of pakistan?
Why was nelson Mandela put in prison and how long?
Why is it illegal to chew tobacco at work?
Why has it been difficult to define law precisely?
Why do you have employment laws in place?
Why were prisoners sent to abu ghraib?
Why are firecrackers illegal in New York?
Why should you disagree mercy killing?
Why are obligation under the civil code a juridical necessity?
Why is it illegal to look at porn if you are under 18?
Why are illegal Beasiality websites allowed on the internet?
Why are you not able to use your walmart discount card from a US walmart in a Mexican walmart store?
Why are the inferior courts the core of the Federal court system?
Why are sweatshops illegal?
Why do you have separate state and federal courts system?
Why is independent judiciary essential to democracy?
Why are public transits and water systems exempt from antitrust laws?
Why are African countries so poor compared to the rest of the world?
Why are Mexicans considered to be a white race?
Why do you have scientific models?
Why are hedgehogs illegal in PA?
Why do you have a federal and state court system in a federal system?
Why are legislations needed?
Why do you need to study constitution?
Why are raves illegal?
Why is the judge higher than the person on trial?
Why is porn illegal for anyone under 18?
Why do lawyers get paid more?
Why is it important to write down laws?
Why are cases sent to the court of appeals?
Why are curfew laws important?
Why did the Pregnancy Discrimination Act start?
Why is the rule of law important?
Why do people call the white American white trash?
Why do some bathrooms not have handicap stalls that fit ADA Bathroom regulations?
Why is it wrong to take the law into your own hands?
Why is it helpful to record the confidence level of a witness during a lineup?
Why was slavery necessary in the South?
Why is it important to keep ohs records?
Why did people believe federalism was a good thing?
Why does a federal court follow a precedent?
Why is it difficult to define law?
Why do police exist?
Why do special courts have narrow jurisdictions?
Why did the men have more rights than woman in the early 1900s?
Why are popes men not women?
Why would you want your employer to take out FICA and medicare taxes?
Why did devin wyman go to jail?
Why is the doctrine of stare decisis important?
Why is the current drinking age 21?
Why do you have to follow the law?
Why is America not giving all the detainees a court trial?
Why do you have anzacday?
Why will Americans revolt against communism and Democrats?
Why was none of the evidence about Scott Peterson presented at trial?
Why should selling organs be legal?
Why can radio and television be regulated more strictly than other forms of the media?
Why is proper service of process so important?
Why is the legal driving age is 16?
Why do you have to have a license to buy a gun?
Why is it illegal to be naked in puplic?
Why is the Arizona immigration law not a good law?
Why was alcohol illegal in the US?
Why is the us government keeping information away from us?
Why are dogs not cats?
Why do people protest against the G20 Summit?
Why ist sex allowed in a video game They allow burtal murder but when any little bit of content is produced the parents go crazy what is wrong with these people?
Why is it against the law for a boy to hit a girl?
Why is debating not a waste of time?
Why is it possible for the state to make a law that says a citizen must be 18 years old to vote?
Why do gangsters swear?
Why should men have rights?
Why should domestic violence be considered a private affair?
Why is the h word the d word the sh word the f word BAD words?
Why is it so hard to remove a justice from the federal court system?
Why do tramps wrap up in newspaper?
Why are people exempt from jury duty?
Why should headnotes and the syllabus of a case not be used for direct quotes when citing to a case?
Why is legislation important in law?
Why did the capital punishment come back?
Why are Miranda rights a good thing?
Why would you get certified mail from you employer?
Why are laws passed?
Why are failed states a problem for international law enforcement?
Why do people go to jail?
Why does society need to have punishments?
Why is the president banning guns?
Why would a creditor not want to go to court for a judgment?
Why does the majority of cases that are reported to the police for investigation remain unsolved?
Why dont you want to speed in your car?
Why is it illegal to forcibly evict someone from their home?
Why do woman have rights?
Why are bomb threats so bad?
Why is nuclear energy illegal?
Why is it important to learn about drugs?
Why do teenagers do sport shooting?
Why is there a need to revise the curriculum from time to time?
Why is burning down houses illegal?
Why do people use lawyers?
Why can it be said that the US District Courts are the principle trial courts in the federal judiciary?
Why are some people incarcerated for longer than they have left to live?
Why were the staffordshire bull tarrier used for fighting?
Why should you obey law?
Why do you learn law?
Why is the first Catholic commandment the longest?
Why are atheists allowed to serve in the US military or hold public office when the US pledge clearly says one nation under God?
Why do people support the judicial review?
Why are having guns againinst the law?
Why is representational democracy important?
Why is the term interpretation important?
Why does alcohol cost the police lots of money?
Why do people in US have to be separated racially in their identity card starting from childhood and schools?
Why does the court of appeals for the federal circuit differs from the other 12 federal courts of appeals?
Why does a human being is bound to obey the law?
Why should kids not talk to strangears?
Why is prayer banned in public schools?
Why would a insufficient check charge be dismissed in a civil case?
Why does the president get to admit new states?
Why is there a need for strict accounting of those who execute the laws?
Why is our federal government considered a republican government?
Why can criminal records get in the way of your goals?
Why should you fear court judges are you not equal as humans?
Why do you think businesses have an economic interest in helping everyone get along in the workplace?
Why are adopted rules reversed?
Why are there no laws prohibiting neighbors from having security cameras?
Why is photography important?
Why would state police contact someone?
Why did NC make a change to its new license plate?
Why is it important to respect idiosyncratic beliefs?
Why is the committee stage important?
Why do prosicutioner lie?
Why are you in war right now?
Why is it so difficult to dismiss a superior judge?
Why do people get put in remand in Lancaster farms?
Why does government housing allow lawlessness?
Why does government tend to grow so large?
Why are the colours in world?
Why was there so much media attention to bob brown?
Why is scooter libby not going to jail?
Why do employers ask for your internet service provider?
Why are white women discriminated in Hispanic territories in Taos NM?
Why might repeatedly forgiving copayments constitute fraud on the insurance company?
Why are there 52 weeks in a year?
Why does the credit report show zero balance on home mortgage after a chapter 7 bankruptsy discharge?
Why are police cars called cruiser?
Why is the Little Squirt commonly used to rinse cloth nappies illegal to use in Australia since it is legal to be sold in shops?
Why do people murder others?
Why is Legal Weed Legal?
Why are many countries dominated by large cities?
Why do you need the law of the state?
Why do you put blue sheets of paper at the end of contracts?
Why is Georgia Constitution alike and different from the US Constitution?
Why is law important in the UK?
Why is the US more free than other countries?
Why is the constitution important today for everything?
Why is it illegal to run off road fuel in an automobile?
Why do federal judges serve for life?
Why is having a set of laws important?
Why do you think that laws are important?
Why was the Scopes trial so important?
Why would he need a gun?
Why was the Albany plan an important precedetplan of union important?
Why will Comcast not refund your payment for MLB sport package after you cancelled it 1 day after ordering it?
Why did the US refuse to accept the Geneva agreement?
Why do most states have usury laws?
Why did Jem Cry?
Why are there so many people on a jury?
Why are there11 on an inquest jury and12 on a court jury?
Why is judicial the most powerful group?
Why did Greek ideas have such an impact on later societies?
Why is it so detrimental to law?
Why is it important to have privacy?
Why would someone want to become a police recruit with an agency?
Why does the government want to introduce ID cards to this country?
Why is the Supreme court the lowest in the state of New York?
Why do men study?
Why is it important to have laws?
Why did tsection 2 article 4 need to be clear as to not allow criminals to do what?
Why did they name the consttution?
Why would you ruin a mans life with lies?
Why was the BNA ACT passed?
Why did the Northern and Southern courts of Japan battle one another?
Why are taxes the best sources of revenue?
Why are fines licenses and fees an unpredictable source of revenue?
Why is US a common law country?
Why is your credit rating used to establish your auto insurance rates?
Why was the eighteenth amendment ratified?
Why is the workplace health safety and welfare regulations 1992 been put in place?
Why is it called regulation z?
Why should I be against prayers in public schools?
Why is the drinking age 21?
Why did they force parking attendence to bring more tickits?
Why is accrual basis accounting acceptable for most business enterprises?
Why have law?
Why cant you use a phone while driving but can eat food legally?
Why should people vote?
Why do the two major parties seem so similar?
Why do you need a civil engineer on a public building project?
Why would a finance company charge off on a mortgage loan when they have the deed why would they not foreclose on it instead?
Why is scareface a hero?
Why was The fundamental orders of Connecticut written?
Why did Iowa join the union army?
Why do they want so much money if participating how to max your money without a lawyer?
Why is Congress a decentralized institution and inevitably unpopular with voters?
Why do Senators have more prestige than Representatives?
Why cant non citizens become president?
Why would it be important for young people in the us to help young people in Iraq?
Why was Marx so unsympathetic to crime and criminals?
Why would a 21 year old get in trouble for dating a 16 year old?
Why should people be for Proposition 187?
Why can two babies not be bathed in the same tub at the same time?
Why did OJ Simpson go to prison?
Why can court decisions be appealed?
Why is it so hard to make the voice of the public heard over special interests in Congress?
Why is gas illegal in war?
Why is the study of law important?
Why would someone get served papers?
Why is due process important?
Why are laws created?
Why did Mary plot against Elizabeth?
Why do nations become imperialistic?
Why should there be a legal age limit to marry in Idaho?
Why should the government maintain and promote the common good of its people?
Why is file sharing illegal?
Why is executive branch named the way it is?
Why is congress called reactive?
Why does South Korea have a State Council?
Why is self discipline among your citizens necessary for a successful democratic living?
Why does JP Morgan contribute to political campaigns?
Why cant you enter England on a form instead of United Kingdom when asked where you live?
Why is punching a bad thing to do?
Why do they call it a bill?
Why did the US fund the Contras after Congress refused money and weapons?
Why did the Europeans stay in Canada?
Why is rhode island famous?
Why does NY state labor law exclude from wage supplement coverage those persons in an administrative capacity whose earnings exceed 600 gross per week?
Why were Americans not upset abot the treaty between France and Spain until a year after it was signed?
Why does people get denied for us citizenship?
Why did some people not agree with the European union?
Why can the governments not shut down porn websites?
Why do personal injury part 7 claims and tort claims have to be filed separately in the supreme court of british Columbia?
Why would a senator filibuster?
Why does the cia have more freedom of action than other federal angencies?
Why do you think you qualified for this position?
Why is there a common tradition or decorations among courtrooms?
Why were some people permitted to keep horses in camden NJ?
Why did they make amendment four?
Why is sovereignty important in upholding the independence of a country?
Why do you have to pay over and over again for the same music in different forms of media?
Why does the constitution insist on dividing the state representatives to a bicameral or two part congress?
Why do people join third parties?
Why does the US impose sanctions on some countries and penalize innocent persons?
Why are caucuses important?
Why are primaries and caucuses held?
Why did Canada chose confederation in 1864?
Why was Canada against annexation by the USA in 1864?
Why did migrant workers come to the US?
Why is euthenasia outlawed?
Why does the government let the obsessed homosexuality witches spy global government?
Why do members of Congress pass pork and earmarks?
Why do you need a lawyer?
Why do you have to include the opportunity cost when you calculate your profits in your own buisness?
Why was Michigan primary special?
Why do you want to be a corporate lawyer?
Why do you have attorneys?
Why is history consider a social science?
Why are some people not free from descrimination?
Why do people go vote?
Why is it quicker to pass legislation in the Senate?
Why was 2pacs life so interesting?
Why is slavery necessary?
Why did black people only go to grade 6?
Why are female breast unlawful to bare?
Why was the Scopes Trial called the monkey trial?
Why is sound on earth?
Why was Martin Luther charged with inciting German Peasants to rebel then having them mrdered to suppress that rebellion?
Why does the Constitution works?
Why should you ID all potential defendants to an action?
Why are suburban police officers jerks?
Why are you being so mean?
Why is womens rights important?
Why issuance of hard copy of appointment letter is made mandatory?
Why should you not buy pirated products?
Why am you here right now?
Why did the Philadelphia convention occur?
Why does the law boast that no one can beat the system?
Why is it important that criminal trials be open to public?
Why are there more blacks in prison?
Why would a collection agency suddenly stop calling?
Why did she go to jail?
Why amendment is needed in income tax act year by year?
Why did France Become a country?
Why did austriahungary enter war?
Why does the government regulate some of the business system in are country?
Why would a lawyer motion to withdraw as counsel and say that further representation may create the appearance of an impropriety at the least if not an actual conflict of interest for myself?
Why is James beckwourth important?
Why do i need to be Bonded license and insured for a house sitting business?
Why does a notary refuse to notarize a will in Louisiana?
Why is your legal system fails the community so badly?
Why is the fourth of July fireworks a public good and who pays for them?
Why do senators filibuster?
Why do blacks have a lower life expectancy than whites?
Why do governments require licenses?
Why did Rhode Island not accept the Constitution?
Why is Russia helping Iran develop a power plant?
Why do people put inappropriate answers on this website?
Why would anyone want to become a Canadian citizen?
Why would an antiwar position be unpopular in America at the start of world war 2?
Why is it important for surgeons to understand the body regions?
Why did Marcos declared the martial law?
Why are small uniform communities a good characteristic of classical republicanism?
Why does edan shalom have a big head?
Why do they use temporary judges?
Why is 21 the drinking age?
Why does an attorney need certain liability rules like PC label?
Why is it important to be aware of terms and conditions of employment?
Why is the Ukraine not in the EU?
Why is it important thay law can change?
Why is there no board exam for industrial engineering in the Philippines?
Why are employee relations important?
Why have Vice Presidents gone on to become president?
Why did the pallbearers put the gloves on officer randall simmons casket?
Why did the capital of New Zealand change from Auckland to Wellington?
Why is it that any question about dissipitation of court fines in one form or another goes unanswered on this sight?
Why do illegal migrants come to the United States?
Why did early voting start?
Why are teenagers naughty?
Why did Pennsylvania have 8 delegates?
Why is the rationale for hearsay NOT a part of the hearsay test?
Why should sex offenders spend longer time in jail?
Why is centralized federalism called centralized?
Why does incredimail ask for your screenname password is this safe?
Why is it important to make a distinction between subliminal perception and subliminal persuson?
Why is parliamentary procedures important?
Why is Alexander remembered today?
Why do you require an independent judiciary in India?
Why is IRS refunds delay THIS YEAR 2008?
Why is the lie polygraph unreliable?
Why is the legislative branch necessary?
Why did the alien and sedition acts outrage Americans?
Why would you receive a cash consideration for your shares?
Why do the englishmen wear wigs in the second century?
Why is the mafia so important in Italy?
Why does the government collect taxes?
Why is it that the emerging problems of Pakistan is still existing?
Why are two Houses of Parliament considered to be necessary?
Why were no slaves actually freed when the Proclamation was issued?
Why are laws made?
Why do people treat illegal immigrants like if they were criminals?
Why do certain countries want to remain independent from joining the EU?
Why do people have to be so rude and mean when they answer an unanswered wikiquestion?
Why have a large number of Cubans come to the US?
Why does Ossetia want independence?
Why are horses and cars allowed to go on the same roads in Texas?
Why did the race riot in 1919 happen?
Why is it to have transit tourists to return to the Bahamas?
Why did this happen back to back could these two have any connection?
Why is Nellie McClung important?
Why are rules government and laws needed?
Why do it makes it harder for the girl to become emancipated?
Why do India require an independent judiciary?
Why is congress a decentralized institution?
Why was New France Historically important?
Why are lawmakers influenced by political party?
Why was your tax return lower than expected?
Why should agecies be required to provide treatment?
Why does California have 54 electoral votes?
Why does a doctor file an incident report?
Why is important for states to abide with international law?
Why does America try to help other counntries?
Why do the legal system operates fairly in protecting and helping all people?
Why are you being forced to repay a loan that is already paid you are paying intrest now on same loan and now you have to repay the same loan again Why?
Why does the majority make the rules?
Why do you need leaders?
Why is the computer ringing?
Why did early American feel that the amendment was necessary?
Why is it that the phone company is legally able to keep your own text message records from me and is there any way to get around it?
Why is federal system increasing power in the US?
Why should one study juvenile delinquency?
Why is killing wrong?
Why is it important for a business to protect cash?
Why cant you pump your own gas in New Jersey?
Why does congress borrow money?
Why did the Lome IV agreement between the EU and ACP countries fail?
Why is plea bargaining an important part of a criminal case?
Why are sanctuary cities morally justified?
Why should you control the human population?
Why are broadcast media more strictly regulated than the print media?
Why does trade occur in Japan?
Why does perception become reality?
Why is the middle east volatile?
Why is production of accounting information regulated?
Why did she show her nude?
Why is tobacco advertising banned in the united states?
Why does federal law supersede state law?
Why is crazy castle on the hill now wedding crasher?
Why was Oregon turned to a state?
Why should you join any educational organisation?
Why did the US feel that they needed to pay south during the Vietnam war?
Why do you have habeas corpus and ex post facto law protection?
Why has Farooq Abdulhak fled London?
Why is the dictatorship is the best?
Why do people tag?
Why was the TV screens in the past so small?
Why was Clinton not removed from office?
Why is that legal?
Why do you require an independent judiciary in a federal setup?
Why are you on here if your trying so hard on your tma open university question?
Why do customers want a Downdate from Vista to Windows XP?
Why downdate Vista to XP Winfried Honig?
Why did Microsoft destroy cultural values on purpose or not on purpose obvious or not so obvious but as monopolist?
Why are still workable PC parts turned into highly dangerous waste?
Why do you need 3 people to register a religious corporation in quebec?
Why do people year after year after year turn every second computer into waste even hazardous waste why do million people do that or is it just one man your God Bill Gates?
Why are there 55 gallons in a drum?
Why would a presidential candidate spend more time campaigning in states like California Texas or New York?
Why should you be consider for our position?
Why did General Hideki Tojo go to prison?
Why did Alexander Hamilton get his face on the 10 dollar bill?
Why do 9 out of states have to approve?
Why should the electoral college be eliminated?
Why is it that within a criminal case there are a total of twelve jurors compared to six jurors in a civil case?
Why do you have to pay for a credit report?
Why should hunting be banned?
Why did the founders want a bicameral legislature?
Why is lawmaking so complicated?
Why do majority floor leaders have so much power?
Why do police officers wear blue uniforms?
Why is euthanasia legal in some countries?
Why should you be chosen for the victim assistance program?
Why do you have different levels of government?
Why does the legislative branch get to declare war?
Why do you love that george bush wont be your president in 2009?
Why does Arizona have such a diverse topography?
Why is phoenix Arizona running out of water supley?
Why is the documentary film Sa Liyab ng Libong Sulo illegal?
Why does the owner of Shoppers in BCE Place downtown Toronto discriminate against many seniors?
Why can a candidate when the race with one ballot?
Why did they change the articles of confderation?
Why does the government implement gst?
Why did middle school 210 Elizabeth Blackwell banned cell phones?
Why did NJ state lottery change to listing city and zip code instead of names in winner search?
Why is party endorsement important?
Why do people want to be state legislature?
Why do we care about laws in America?
Why is it necessary to have a national Declaration of Human Rights?
Why should children care who is elected president?
Why are there few women in congress?
Why does a computer have anoperatoin system?
Why was the ecclesiastical law important?
Why did Dr King go to Memphis Tennessee when he was assassinated?
Why did madmam cj walker have complications of kidney failure?
Why are some tibetans now trying to draw attention to there cause?
Why is silver impotont?
Why do traffic fines rise faster than wages?
Why do technical specifications displace inconsistent samples?
Why are some Tibetans trying to cause attention to their cause?
Why was there more slavery in the South than in the North of the United States prior to the Civil War?
Why did the rebels believe the union cannons on cemetery ricge were distroyed?
Why do Refugees travel around?
Why can I get a written personal loan form to lend money to a relative?
Why is my case number 9999999999?
Why did the framers think a constitution was nessacery?
Why was the volstead act was nearly impossible to enforce?
Why are pit bulls always blamed for all dog attacks?
Why are baggage checks usually not considered binding contracts?
Why do George Brush spend so much money in Iraq?
Why do people have different perceptions of law and law making?
Why are private retirement accounts far better than social security?
Why do police charge people who defend them selvs?
Why are taxes due on the April fifteenth?
Why do you need a local government?
Why is the governer cutting budgets?
Why is the civil service act of 1978 important to the private sector?
Why do crimes happen frequently in the same places?
Why were the Taliban so cruel?
Why did you limit the amount of immigrants?
Why do judges and justices in the national government are not elected and serve without a time limit?
Why is there a need to create laws if companies strive to conduct their business ethically?
Why are peanuts bad for horses?
Why are you getting brown discharge your period is not due for another week?
Why is ise of whight called the ise of whight?
Why is the amendment process to the constitution so important to your system of government?
Why did Germany lost in World War 1?
Why is race a protected class?
Why do police use radios what are the benefits?
Why would a criminal action for a serious offense have no time limitation?
Why should you ban harmful plastics in food and drink containers?
Why should police need a search warrant to search a school for drugs?
Why do you know that the framers intended the President to have ordinance power?
Why does the US need appellate courts?
Why are you not required by the government to ration for the Global War on terror?
Why would one get money from social security insurance?
Why did the framers of the Constitution felt it necessary to have a legislature composed of the two houses?
Why does everyone allow themselves to be Brainwashed by a purely biased Media?
Why did Czechs immigrate to the US?
Why do judges sentence people to 100 years?
Why are parliaments called August halls?
Why was Oregon admitted as a state to the United States?
Why was the health insurance act introduced?
Why does the UK have TV licenses?
Why is low worker productivity a problem?
Why would Scopes Trial gain worldwide attention?
Why have a jury?
Why do you raise your right hand when taking an oath or swearing in?
Why do you have to select a party affiliation when voting?
Why does the state of IL support dead beat dads?
Why does credit report show payments were made in months that were not made?
Why has there been a historic gap between the pay women receive and that received by men?
Why were industrial tribunals set up?
Why is George W Bush still President of the US?
Why has the leisure time available to workers declined?
Why is the American law so important?
Why was it such a big deal that America entered world war 2?
Why did the government allow women in the war?
Why are so many sexual offenders not registered?
Why is davy Crockett a hero?
Why is the legislature composed of two houses?
Why may a businessman or woman be happier in a free market system?
Why may the poor people be happier in a command system?
Why is it illegal to marry your relative?
Why does the supreme court reject hundreds of appeals made to it from lower courts?
Why did dover chose as county?
Why are some diocese larger than some?
Why is it legal to smoke marijuana in amster dam?
Why is there Costa Rica?
Why do people stay on death row so long?
Why should drugs be illegal?
Why did Robert Gabriel Mugabe want independence?
Why do Americans think they are the policemen of the world?
Why is their a north and South Korea?
Why do gangs go after teenagers for?
Why would an identical job pay more in one city than in another?
Why do Nigerian government still keep sigarette into the country?
Why were the bonus marchers not paid in 1924?
Why is it illegal to question the Holocaust?
Why did soldiers during the war want to get trench foot?
Why is it necessary to regulate interstate commerce?
Why does Dion get high?
Why do land in the city costs more than the land in the country?
Why did Henry anjou say crime does not pay?
Why is the separation of church and state needed?
Why is a Government important?
Why was North Carolina slow in approving the Constitution?
Why wasnt the rebate check direct deposited if the SS ends in 80 and was suppose to be in the account on May 16?
Why were women not allowed to fight in the revolutionary war?
Why does enumeration affect the income tax levied on citizens in various states?
Why did the estates general not meet from 1614 to 1789?
Why do you fight to live when you live to die?
Why is there gold trim on the American flag in military court?
Why do paramilitaries kill trade union leaders in Columbia?
Why are so many people offended by innocent nudity?
Why do you think rap music has been a scapegoat for the cause of socially ill people?
Why was the battle of little big horn fought?
Why dont motorbikes have rear fog lights?
Why do people want to be a police officer?
Why have an agreement instead of a contract?
Why does obama represent the democratic?
Why cant you carry personal weapons to combat?
Why do people commit arson?
Why are minorities not getting the same amount of media time when the same crimes are happening to us blacks Hispanics and asians?
Why did she have to pay half?
Why did the electoral system brake down in the election of 1800?
Why is YouTube supporting and aiding terrorists?
Why has Hezbollah the terrorist organization set up shop in rochester new york?
Why are terrorists crossing the southern and northern borders of the US?
Why is there a 12lth grade?
Why do China import and export to other countries?
Why do lawyer have a sheepskin for a degree?
Why will your mate hit you for speaking your mind?
Why do you have law rules?
Why are the police sometimes called rozzers?
Why is pornography legal?
Why would a paralegal who specializes in one legal field be at greater risk for unauthorized practice of law?
Why was apartheid a violation of human rights?
Why is election of 1876 is important?
Why do people commit knife crime and gun crime?
Why does china have a communist government?
Why was john scopes put on trial?
Why did the way of attacking and defending change over the centuries?
Why do most African Americans go to prison?
Why did nationalist activity in India increase after World War 1?
Why are firecrackers illegal in Canada?
Why do people say good day and evryone else say hello?
Why is tobacco advertising banned in the UK?
Why did the Hiroshima and Nagasaki war start?
Why would a police officer issue a summands as apposed to arresting someone?
Why should education be free?
Why do people think the US is a democracy instead of a constitutional republic?
Why would terrorists and enemy combatants use arson across the United States and Canada?
Why are communists spreading a false rumor that 911 was a inside job by the US government and Israel?
Why is a living will necessary?
Why are people of mixed parentage black and white not called mulattoes?
Why is procedural law important to the criminal process?
Why do they need financial transactions?
Why would one be better than the other with respect to the administration of proba?
Why did the first president create the cabinet?
Why was fair trade establieshed?
Why is Tunisia a LEDC?
Why was the foreign currupt practice act implemented?
Why was foreign currupt practice laws implemented?
Why does the ledyard air raid siren go off?
Why is it important to make adjustments in the family?
Why do aboriginals get benefits?
Why is the presidential election date always the first Tuesday after the First Monday of November?
Why did Lincoln offer his plan for reconstrction before the civil war?
Why dosent us let illegal imagrents come to us?
Why is it called a five finger discount?
Why does not all states have a unanimous verdict?
Why is Communist China pretending to be the free worlds friend when they are planning to destroy the American way?
Why are Americans and the free world realizing Communist China is your biggest enemy?
Why is the US Congress and Senate allowing terroists and illegal aliens to enter America to harm its citizens wile our solders are fighting to destroy our enemies and protect the US?
Why do people swear on the Bible in court but yet the court turns around and disobey the Bible by killing people when they are put on death row?
Why does the music inc lie about hoo the real women singer is?
Why is family law helpful to a human service worker?
Why are people turning gay?
Why is there not awareness for rsd in Syracuse ny?
Why is cursing necessary?
Why dont England use the EURO?
Why do people do law in the US?
Why is there no street named J in the district of Columbia?
Why is the role of the European Union important to European countries?
Why was Helen prejean famous?
Why would abc CBS and NBC Networks all run the same identicle story on July 1st 2008 about the new square plastic milk jug on the market Is it that all 3 networks now work together as Marists?
Why would a 20 year old go out with a 16 year old anyways?
Why is announcement important to determine?
Why do you want to work for bpo?
Why do you need to become a professional?
Why do interest groups exist?
Why is it that filibusters are not allowed in the house of representatives but are allowed in the Senate?
Why do you need rights?
Why do law?
Why are Asian companies slow to adopt Information Technology?
Why should a person arrest be allowed to have a lawyer?
Why do clear laws help us?
Why should people not copy articles straight from the Internet and pretend it is their work?
Why is there a start at the beginning of a serial number on a one dollar bill?
Why is it that civilian authority must be supreme over military?
Why does a case remain in state court?
Why should government interfere in the market?
Why are my boxes of nissin cup noodles compiscated in the san francisco airport?
Why does the govt federal and state insist on writing your name in all capital letters which is contrary to proper English?
Why was the articles of confederation written so badly?
Why do you set margin on paper?
Why do you need to do planning?
Why are statue hands broken off?
Why should you study constitution?
Why do you study constitution?
Why is a parliament made?
Why is it illegal for country not to allow a current recident to have apassport?
Why should elephants and rhinos be protected?
Why do you need a birth certificate?
Why is the drinking age 21 in Wisconsin?
Why did Thomas Jefferson write he has refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and necessary for the public good what did it means?
Why were the colonists upset about the Stamp Act?
Why is there no legal places to do graffiti?
Why would they deport a Mexican married to a us citizen for paper issues then not allow him to return due to not enough hardship reasons is he not a citizen of us after he marries her?
Why is there Area 51 in Nevada?
Why do teens steal?
Why is media the watchdog of democracy of India?
Why is Legal Aid available to offenders?
Why did employers oppose the Child Labor laws?
Why is the US government allowing terrorist to set up training camps in America and Canada such as Islamberg in New York State?
Why is Senator Christopher Dodd and most politicians corrupt?
Why are most US congressman and senators corrupt?
Why do many Americans say terrorists are directing criminal gangs in the US?
Why are terrorist and illegal aliens purchasing boats and crossing the Great Lakes to the US from Canada?
Why is the corrupt US government allowing illegal aliens into the US who are committing crimes against the citizens of the United States?
Why did hulk and linda split?
Why is Public utility an antitrust exemption?
Why is Afghanistan classified as a third world country?
Why do Americans continue to tolerate the antiquated and inappropriate Electoral College system?
Why do most Americans seem to believe that organized conspiracies do not exist in America?
Why is cash paid when papers are served?
Why have you chosen to study law?
Why was the ban of food dye red 9 modified?
Why is it that the Beccera Law of 1888 was unique and far different from the other Labor group?
Why can not you move out at sixteen?
Why should a person care about making a difference concerning the constitution?
Why has international law not developed as a form of government?
Why is the House of Representatives debated limited while the Senates is unlimited?
Why did the government create zoning laws?
Why are zoning laws created?
Why should all managers have a working knowledge of labor laws?
Why did Madeline go missing?
Why are you calling Fyrom rebublic of Macedonia?
Why are accountants offered various legal ways of presenting their numbers?
Why should we practice nationalism?
Why do people involve in illegal jobs because of poverty?
Why does the state perform autopsy on executed criminal?
Why do they resentence?
Why is case law such an integral of your legal system?
Why are rights and remedies by equity to English law necessary asses whether they have been effective?
Why was the national emergencies law passed?
Why is it illegal 2 get a job at 11years old?
Why do you think the Declaration regards this action as unusual one?
Why should alcoholic drinks be stored at the correct temperature?
Why do people violate the law?
Why did The judge order partner a No hostile contact?
Why were the intolerable acts harsher than previous laws?
Why were the intolerable acts harsher than previous laws?
Why is the Mauritian constitution considered to be the supreme law of the land?
Why is it good to have the right of the people peaceably to assemble?
Why are laws needed?
Why is that Africa leader always stay long in power?
Why would the US limit immigration?
Why is rule of law important?
Why could the police take your license plates off your car?
Why should the exclusionary rule apply to the police?
Why do 1935 constitution the same with the America n constitution?
Why do you think a bill has to go through all these steps before it is voted on?
Why do Law firms need bookkeeping?
Why did the 1935 constitution the same with the American constitution?
Why does society need many laws?
Why do you need the laws of the state?
Why does the Commonwealth of MA put domestic violence abusers who are falsely accused in a criminal database?
Why is he garnishment me now?
Why is Maryland called the old line state?
Why does the government need to regulate privacy?
Why does Georgia not recognize tenants by entirety?
Why do you have to submit to the Walmart receipt checkers inspection at the exit the bag and the items in it our yours it would be like someone entering your home to check if you had taken somethin?
Why is it impotant to follow the law?
Why are laws important in your society?
Why is it hard to enforce a guarantee or warrant supplied with goods?
Why is significance of the study important in a research study?
Why would you want to do that anyway?
Why are flaming drinks against the law?
Why do construction projects require permits?
Why are the republicans against abortions and for the war in Iraq?
Why does law changes constantly?
Why is law necessary?
Why is it more serious when you kill a human than when you kill an animal?
Why is Justice important?
Why is 3 the lowest number of electoral votes?
Why is gold at the centre of the worlds economy?
Why is Canada safe?
Why is the senate split into three different classes?
Why are Indians under different laws?
Why have laws?
Why is red used for stop signs danger signals and brake lights?
Why was cold war started and what was the reason?
Why is it legal for California insurance companies to insure unlicensed drivers?
Why do you think different countries have different laws?
Why is a 8K loan from a university that has been turned over to a collection agency not showing up on your credit report while making minimu payment for 6 years?
Why is it so hard for an ex convict to get a job?
Why is Dolores Huerta recognized in the hispanic heritage month?
Why didnt the laws wored as they should?
Why are laws necessary in society?
Why is there a need for and what is the role of discipline in the public services?
Why are penalties for violating the Hatch Act different for federal employees than for state and local government employees?
Why should people follow te direction of authority?
Why do you need law enforcers?
Why was the specific individual chosen for the case of milliken versus bradley?
Why do republicans and democrats dominate third parties in elections?
Why did the founders think a constitution necessary to achieve its purposes?
Why did the founders think a constitution was necessary to achieve its purposes?
Why was Saddam Hussein hung?
Why is it illegal to tip in Iceland?
Why did states oppose the establishment of the second national bank?
Why is the purchase of cannabis considered a felony in Florida and can you have that reduced to a misdemeanor?
Why do you need to have a clear understanding of the legal entity of each company?
Why did the citizens choose to set a time limit for the president to be in office?
Why is kirchoff law better than ohm law?
Why does congress five federal agencies policy making discretion in executing laws?
Why is it so important to have law?
Why do communities have laws?
Why do you pay land rates?
Why are warrants for arrest in south Australia only valid in sa and not all other states in Australia?
Why is public administration a legal academic field?
Why should Mexicans be legal?
Why did King Edward have a Parliament?
Why is medicare deducting from my railroad retirement and my present part time job?
Why do you need law in Sociology?
Why is slavery prohibited in Wisconsin?
Why are they not true legal remedies?
Why are rules needed?
Why were the Law of the indies put into effect?
Why should the US prepare to block all attempts of Stealth Jihad?
Why do you think this ite?
Why is so important to have a Memorandum of understanding?
Why do lawyers spend more money on cars than university professors?
Why was the articles considered a failure in foreign policy?
Why do parents still try to tell you what to do when you are 18?
Why can you disown children and not your spouse?
Why is it illegal to impersonate someone?
Why do you want to run away?
Why are black people the most hated in the US?
Why does criminal law fall under the category of public law?
Why did Framers provide that judges be appointed by the president?
Why should they allow electronics in class?
Why is it that they have the right to hold off your benefits When you are still injured and you just had surgery?
Why are the states constitution longer than the US Constitution?
Why is original jurisdiction important?
Why did tariff reform fail in the 1890S?
Why do lifetime appointments help ensure that federal judges rule impartially on legal issues?
Why is the sign of justice a scale?
Why is it not illegal to intimidate someone based on race?
Why is the phrase legal tender on your paper currency?
Why did the corporal punishment law come in effect?
Why was the Defence of the Realm Act created?
Why did Equal Pay Act become a law?
Why did it become illegal to ride motor scooters?
Why are American citizens realizing Socialists and communists are behind the Republican and Democrat Canidates?
Why should smoking be illegal?
Why do you want Universal Health Care for everyone?
Why is the law of increasing opportunity cost important?
Why is pepsin useful in washing powders?
Why are appeals heard by higher courts?
Why is this bill necessary?
Why did you choose this legal course?
Why is the Law of Detatchment called the Law of Deatchment?
Why are personality theories important?
Why was the Provision and use of work equipment regulations 1998 created?
Why did the colonies want to make there own laws?
Why did other countries such as geremany France Spain and Poland suppport the colonial army instead of the british army?
Why would a civil war soldier be persecuted?
Why is there need for law?
Why arent software sources to obtain file dowloads or the sharing software itself just as guilty as the downloaders arent they acting as aiders and abetters to the alleged crime of the downloader?
Why should importance to given to illegitimate children?
Why is capital punishment an issue?
Why does freedom represent America?
Why might someone using the shopping list approach fail to realize the importance of other evidence such as a matchstick?
Why does a Dad think he can demand that Daughter be his henchman after he grants her Power of Attorney?
Why is the court case Garcia v San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority still important today?
Why should a law student join Ernst Young?
Why was the interstate trade commission created?
Why does the CIA run drugs?
Why do you get to say what you want to and when do you not get to say what you want to?
Why has a George Soros foundation given funds to Asaf Durakovic and a secret mosque on the shores of lake Ontario in waterport New York?
Why did the Framers include Amendment 4 prohibiting unreasonable searches?
Why is it legal for some people to vote but not others?
Why is child pornography illegal?
Why is the law of Conservation of Mass not true for density?
Why is NBC and Saturday Night Live nothing more than socialist propaganda?
Why does the constitution only let citizens vote?
Why should citizens educate themselves about political issues?
Why are American citizens planning to overthrow the treasonous US Government?
Why do presidential candidates need money?
Why is it important to monitor capital projects in government agencies?
Why were the Boys Scouts ruled to be a private organization in the case Boy Scout of America vs Dale?
Why did the British switch to a southern military strategy?
Why is nicotine not illegal?
Why do Police Investigators on a theft not want to charge someone who has admitted to taking a tractor from a farmer the thief was a local mechanic who said that he took it for payment on a car?
Why does the law distinguish between civil wrongs and criminal wrongs?
Why do you people say someone pleaded guilty and not plead guilty?
Why do the things you listed above happen to our bones and joints as a result of exercise and training?
Why is the term freshmen politically incorrect?
Why did Parliament pass the Declaratory Act?
Why should eyewitness testimony be allowed?
Why does a postage stamp have to be in a particular place?
Why was fast food successful?
Why was the 9th amendment included in the bill of rights?
Why did it sink cause it felt like it?
Why do people lower the American flag to half mast?
Why does having your head on a coin show your power?
Why do the signers say they need to enact the laws for the government?
Why do people neglect responsibilities of others which cause the other damage?
Why is statue law important?
Why is your dog a Jew?
Why does an arbitrator appreaciate a joint stipulation arbitration from both parties?
Why does the state protect it citizens and strive to create a good quality of life for them?
Why do human rights matter?
Why do children that are abused start taking illegal drugs as a sense of comfort?
Why do some states allow early voting?
Why do you have to school?
Why are homes going into foreclosure?
Why did the colonist think the writs of assistance violated their rights?
Why is it wrong to shoplift?
Why was the law passed were you could be president more than once?
Why was sharecropping illegal?
Why is driving without a seatbelt illegal?
Why do most state have usury laws?
Why do you need an education in law to become a CEO?
Why is incest between mother and son illegal?
Why was the law made for the government agents to collect money from small whiskey producers?
Why was the national speed limit in the UK introduced?
Why would you want to go after the witness and not the deputy?
Why is child labor law still on?
Why do you have to use black ink only in many forms?
Why was the union able to defeat the confederacy during the civil war?
Why does the bank issue a time deposit instead of a CD?
Why is the European commission the least powerful?
Why is it important to recognise rights?
Why did New York Virginia not ratify the Constitution until 1791?
Why did the US get the state of Texas from Mexico?
Why do women in pakastan have different rights to men?
Why did Congress name a Bill after a known drug abuser?
Why are national conventions less important than they used to be?
Why did the Founding Fathers intend federal judges to be appointed rather than elected?
Why do people revolt?
Why is forging your teachers signature illegal and dishonest?
Why do you think your the best person for the job?
Why do rape victims clean themselves?
Why is it illegal to wear a bulletproof vest?
Why does the year not have commas?
Why are you?
Why are parking meters legal on public streets?
Why is amir a child prostitute?
Why were African Americans enslaved?
Why do you have to be over 17 to vote for priminister?
Why is it so hard for a bill to become a law?
Why are there world conflicts?
Why did the delegates from the large states support the Virginia plan and oppose the New Jersey plan?
Why are you being served legal papers?
Why should legislation be treated as the highest source of law?
Why are hidden cameras banned in Russia?
Why did Brittnie Marie Drummond call it the tambourine?
Why is the command economic system bettter than the market economic system?
Why are environmental protection laws important?
Why did the hijakers crash the plane on September 11 2001?
Why is it important when reporting science to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth?
Why did expunged charges show up on a background check?
Why should there be laws against animal crualty?
Why would smoking be illegal?
Why does Australia need a bill of rights?
Why is Ruth Law famoues?
Why would the sender have to initial it?
Why did the fed government get involved with creating a law concerning refrigerant?
Why do senators have longer terms than congressmen in the House of Representatives?
Why was the Stamp Act illegal?
Why did they put Under God in the pledge?
Why is it that you feel this way for James grimm?
Why is the duty of care for professionals different from the duty of care of an ordinary person?
Why should cannibis be legal?
Why do some countries have more corrupt business practices in other countries?
Why did Jim crew law start?
Why is it that premarital sex mostly happen in teenagers?
Why did Samuel Adams declare the sugar act illegal?
Why can a felon purchase a hunting license in Ohio?
Why is it so important to you?
Why is law affecting human resources?
Why are there few cruise ships that sail under an American flag?
Why is it illegal to get driver licence at the age of 18?
Why should euthanasia be legal?
Why is the US Constitution the longest lasting constitution?
Why are people Against the shoot first law?
Why should the legal drinking age be kept at 21?
Why can the us government regulate the airline industry?
Why can the us government regulate casino gambling on Indian reservations?
Why are solisitorslawyers important?
Why is there so much time between the election and inaugural day?
Why was Moscow Russia chosen as the capitail?
Why should you comply with the law when dealing with the general public?
Why is law making essential to democracy?
Why would a partnership change its business?
Why is savia legal?
Why is it so difficult to pass bills to laws?
Why was boycotting a successful way to force pariliament to repeal several unpopular laws?
Why are human dignity and justice important?
Why can peni cillin be used as a drug for people?
Why are threats concidered bad?
Why do you have to swear on the Bible durning court?
Why is the disk diffusion technique not a perfect indication of how the drug will perform?
Why would a public limited company wish to delist?
Why are teens of 2008 willing to vote?
Why were laws developed?
Why do prison violence occurs?
Why is drug counseling important?
Why do you need taxes?
Why is it against the law to keep orangutans as pets?
Why are ethics important in a society that already has so many laws?
Why do you need laws in schools?
Why has the congressional record become outdated?
Why is it important if the court decides not to see a case?
Why are some people released after arrest?
Why was it easier for governments to pass laws about working hours than it was to pass laws about wages?
Why was law created?
Why was the Proclamation 1763 passed as a law?
Why was the cat and mouse law introduced?
Why are there two separate legal systems in Britain?
Why should eminent domain be stopped?
Why are drugs classified under different schedules?
Why did the west grant suffrage first?
Why was polygamy made illegal in Canada?
Why is the SOL more substantive?
Why are members of Congress reluctant to pass laws that give them new benefits or higher pay?
Why did people call for laws regulating monopolies?
Why is it difficult to make generalization about the effects of a drug?
Why is marjiuana illegal?
Why would your spouse be allowed to install a device in your mobile phone without your knowledge?
Why were the laws unjust with Daniel 6?
Why is America known as a Nation of laws?
Why is the legislative branch the most powerful?
Why are state judges elected?
Why are the good samaritan laws needed?
Why are females more often victims of intimate violence than males?
Why are males victimized more often than females?
Why was it difficult for congress to pass laws?
Why is it illegal to hunt an albino deer in the state of Wisconsin?
Why do drug addicts have to find a different spot on there bodys every time they inject drugs?
Why is burning the American Flag respectable?
Why would you try to perpetrate a fraud?
Why is sugar not a drug?
Why did people register to vote for the us 2008 election with such exitement?
Why are warrant important?
Why do we use staggered terms?
Why did the law of conservation of matter begin?
Why did New Hampshire have the laws they had?
Why are you subpoeanaed to court?
Why does the name Greene have an e at the end?
Why is it legal to move piece of music from a CD you own and illegal to download it from the web without payment royalty?
Why should cigarattes be illegal?
Why is the court of international trade classified as a constitutional court rather than a special court?
Why do people make laws?
Why are signs posted?
Why do each state have a different criminal law?
Why are lawyers needed in a case?
Why do you use a bicycle helmet?
Why did the governer of IL get arrested?
Why did Virginia colonists want a local government to mack their laws?
Why should athletes take random drug testing?
Why are pharmaceutical companies allowed to advertise?
Why is Ohio v Roberts a landmark case?
Why were compulsory attendance laws in education originally enacted?
Why do you only have two major parties?
Why do economists dislike usury laws?
Why is the legislative branch to the white house?
Why is it illegal to share music files on the internet?
Why is counterfeiting a problem?
Why did the government make Indian worship illegal in1923?
Why was shajahan imprisoned?
Why do goats fake death when attacked?
Why is India is not able to overcome corruption?
Why were circuit courts were created?
Why do they have alternate juror?
Why do you think democracy is a good kind of government?
Why did the framers make it so hard for a bill to become a law?
Why do countries not use the death penalty?
Why do people brakes laws?
Why does the military wear uniforms?
Why is the jury important to the legal system?
Why did labor leaders feel targeted by the espionage and sedition acts?
Why is inauguration day the 21st of the month?
Why do societieshave laws?
Why is it illegal to set a mouse trap without a hunting license?
Why are nicotine and alcohol not in the controlled substances act under a schedule?
Why does court have jurisdiction over a case?
Why do Mexicans say sa?
Why is whistling under water in Vermont illegal?
Why do you need clear laws?
Why are paparazzi allowed such free access to homes or hotel rooms of celebrities?
Why does the law limit the felony mure rule to these felonies that are considered inherently dangerous?
Why are there no photographs of law courts?
Why will it be a good experience to go to the presidential inauguration?
Why do countries impose duties on imports?
Why is there no 13th law?
Why is the money so important to the Mexico?
Why do lawyers still help a person if they know he or she is guilty?
Why does America not like Mexican Immigrants?
Why does china send teens to military camps?
Why are ex post facto laws prohibited by the Constitution?
Why does police brutality happen?
Why was Bob Legal cancelled?
Why do many senators hesitate to support cloture motions?
Why did the Scopes trial take place?
Why are you on probation?
Why is the inauguration day historical?
Why is it important to have freedom of religion and protect the rights of minorities?
Why is the congress a bicamrel party?
Why is it illegal to marry your brother?
Why is there a need for special session in congress?
Why do they not allow skateboarding in public places?
Why does they have inauguration day?
Why is this a legal question?
Why did the drinking age change?
Why are people democratic?
Why are go karts not street legal in north carolnia?
Why is bribery unethical?
Why is euthanasia illegal in Canada?
Why would a drug addict need sugar?
Why do you need laws Except for falling in to Chaos?
Why did the government put rules and regulations on the railroad?
Why did the government put rules and regulations on the rail road?
Why would one doctor have numerous addresses?
Why did Mussolini say he said he would rape their whole family if they didnt do what he said?
Why can congress impeach?
Why are you getting harassing calls?
Why is the legislature called house of burgesses?
Why was the New Jersey plan important?
Why does the government make laws against the use of chemicals that are known as mutagens?
Why are people fascinated by crime?
Why is it easy to bribe officials?
Why is this inauguration day historic?
Why does the senate have to confirm presidential nominations?
Why are rules and Laws important?
Why did people called for laws reglating monopolies?
Why is a legal pad legal?
Why has the military participated in every inauguration day?
Why might the Social Security Act be considered one of the most important achievements of the New Deal?
Why did you leave previous employer?
Why is it important to know the difference between administrative law and common law?
Why did Robert Baden Powell get buried in Kenya?
Why is she mad?
Why does the military participate in Inauguration day?
Why do so many Mexican people try to immigrate to the US each year?
Why were union illegal?
Why do doctors have to make a police report if you are pregnant and underage?
Why are popsicles always harassing me?
Why did some Clinton supporters want to censure him during his impeachment?
Why is inauguration day still here?
Why is agency law important for a modern manager to know?
Why do you hold up are hand when you swear under oath?
Why should there be a graffiti wall?
Why does the inauguration take place at 1130 am?
Why is the inauguration on a specific day?
Why is sex a taboo?
Why is copy writing illegal?
Why is the white house blue room round?
Why do we need rules and regulations in the working environment?
Why are some African countries struggling to create democratic governments?
Why does a judge use a gavel?
Why is The law is derived from three main sources what are they?
Why can you not just live in whatever country you want?
Why does a dog bark at his food bowl when it is full?
Why is a school superintendent important?
Why can dogs bark?
Why should the legal driving age be lowered?
Why does the Government borrow money at lower interest rates?
Why do men commit a crime more than women?
Why did English colonists move west?
Why did they swear on the bible?
Why does it take so long for a bill to become a law?
Why does it say on your federal tax blocked and state o?
Why is lester Pearson significant?
Why did women work in the latter part of the 19th century and what was that work typically like?
Why might religious people think it is right to break the law?
Why cant you wink at the president?
Why are senior citizens more likely to vote?
Why does the authority prescribe law in the society?
Why should The judicial branch of the government have greater power to check the legislative and executive branches?
Why are crime statistics expressed as rates?
Why did the Mexican immigrated to the us?
Why do guards participate in illegal activities?
Why did they commit knife crime?
Why is Mecca a sacred place?
Why are state constitutions more specific and detailed then the Federal constitution?
Why is it illegal to own a monkey in Utah?
Why did you agree to be a member to this committee?
Why should students not be randomly be tested of illegal drugs?
Why is graffiti vandalism?
Why is it illegal for govenors to trade?
Why do some people choose not to file income taxes?
Why would you want to?
Why is it good for historians to disagree with one another?
Why was the equal pay act set up?
Why is eighteen the age of adultness?
Why do people donate?
Why is Royal Assent important?
Why is there a gap of time between the president being elected to the inauguration?
Why did the soviet system of government make the development of a police state possible?
Why is the law of constant composition true for all types of compounds?
Why is shall used in legal texts?
Why was the powerbomb illegal for a time?
Why are any easements ever implied?
Why would an architect get fired?
Why are freeze dried miracle fruit illegal in the USA?
Why is there no correlation between the ICS organization and the administrative structure of any single agency or jurisdiction?
Why did the farmers think rule of law was essential?
Why is law important in your IT profession?
Why did Americans find this law so objectioable?
Why are laws important for a country?
Why did legalism become obsolete?
Why do companies exclude staff from its competitions?
Why is there a preference for codes versus laws?
Why did parliament pass laws against witches?
Why is a lieutenant governor important?
Why are black and white hair supplies segregated in stores?
Why should a judge be able to set aside a jury verdict?
Why do politicians introduce legislation?
Why was the draconian code of law important?
Why is treaty of waitangi important to nz?
Why are there rules?
Why should juniors high have lockers?
Why did the Cherokee sue the state of Georgia?
Why do humans fight?
Why were the laws of the 12 tables written?
Why does congress have to make laws for Washington DC?
Why are administrative agencies important?
Why are recall petitons harder to get onto a ballot and pass than initatives?
Why was treaty of waitangi signed?
Why is the golden rule important?
Why do the supreme court accepts only legitimate controversies?
Why is John T Scopes important?
Why are judges called your honor when they are presiding in a courtroom?
Why was Robert Owen for the child labor law?
Why is the difference between a term and a representation important?
Why does the law require certain citizens to register for selective service whem they turn 18 years old?
Why was the first national government weak?
Why cant the CDC force you to get a vaccine?
Why are there 12 persons on a jury?
Why do designers apply for patents?
Why was the Homestead Act repealed in 1976?
Why is mcnaught such a pimp?
Why did the ECJ develop the principle of direct effect?
Why did it take an act of congress to form the surpeme court?
Why is Condoleezza famous?
Why was it important for Romes laws to be written down?
Why do you have to obey?
Why are there more members in the House Of representative then in the Senate?
Why did dog the bounty hunter get arrested?
Why were city governments corrupt?
Why did the supreme court strike down a burbank law?
Why do presidents use more then one pen when signing bills into law?
Why has the State of Arizona made cactus rustling illegal?
Why should you want to become an attorney?
Why would the twelve tables be a bad idea?
Why are switchblades illegal?
Why are international problems difficult to solve?
Why do cops hate us?
Why is a state need a president?
Why do burglarys get treated differently if the burglary happens during the daytime vs nighttime?
Why are Mexicans immigrants discriminated against?
Why did the US Government borrow money From Americans what was it called?
Why do you think Spain does not approve uniration andenpent?
Why was it a problem that the federal government had to ask the states to borrow money?
Why should Britain should have a secret police force?
Why does the president address congress?
Why are ethics important in society that already has so many laws?
Why are committee chairman important?
Why was Korematsu arrested?
Why is there an age limit in the army?
Why does a person who is part African American and part white consider them selves black is it a law?
Why should students in high school be drug tested?
Why does the law require certain people to register for selective service when they are 18?
Why was the Dred Scot decision so important?
Why should you be a student leader?
Why do people use speed drug?
Why is it illegal to put salt on a railroad in Alabama?
Why should steroids be legallized?
Why was jaws important in the 1970s?
Why should the citizens of Illinois know their government?
Why does California do notary as an attachment?
Why did the constitutional act happen?
Why are fog lights illegal?
Why cant year fives have sex?
Why do they need south africans in a lawyers position?
Why are male students not allowed to wear earrings?
Why is national defense a public good?
Why were some of the states fearful of creating a strong central government?
Why are the Senate established with staggered terms?
Why is it illegal to whare camoflage cloves in barbados?
Why was the fair labor law standard act created?
Why is sports gambling illegal?
Why was the FDIC established?
Why are the human rights enshrined in the Canadian charter of rights?
Why is it against the law to touch a penguin?
Why did the Houses of Congress divided?
Why did you use or take illegal drugs?
Why are women less likely to commit crime?
Why is it illegal to ride a mini bike on the streets in KY?
Why can you say cracker on here but not?
Why is lainie nice?
Why should file sharing be illegal?
Why should cigarettes stay legal?
Why is the right to due process of law necessary?
Why do neighbors need fences?
Why is or was there political unrest in Cambodia?
Why are there twelve people on a jury?
Why do young people get into altercations with law enforcement?
Why did the government make laws?
Why do you think students and teachers as well as other school staff have a march break?
Why is it not prudent to regard a majority share holder of a company as an employee?
Why were women granted the right to vote?
Why is tobacco illegal in baseball?
Why had Lenin been imprisoned?
Why did president Truman agree to use the atomic bomb at the end of World War 2?
Why do court systems use civil law?
Why is it called cpitol punishment?
Why do teens lie?
Why are you a Mexican?
Why is sex illegal for under sixteens?
Why is it important to know your state and local leaders?
Why does child abuse start?
Why is the US involved with Iran?
Why do you have special courts?
Why did many chiefs sign the Treaty of waitangi by making a mark?
Why is there a war in Irak?
Why was the term convention used to describe the meetings of colonial legislatures?
Why would this drug be given when there is no depression just head aches and pain in back legs upper stomack and charley horse cramps in the leg?
Why is due process pointless without substantive due process?
Why is it so important to serve jury duty?
Why was Henry Mcneal expelled from his seat in the GA legislature?
Why is Alexander Hamilton being the first secretary of the treasury signficant?
Why do you think the privacy policy was made?
Why do people do cyber crimes?
Why do citizens need rules and laws?
Why are there two major parties in the us?
Why did the girl attorney stop dating the boy attorney?
Why was the Neutrality Act of 1935 illegal?
Why have most large countries in the world adopted a federal government?
Why is there a waiting period to getting married?
Why is it important for a country to have a parliament?
Why are switchblades illegal in Washington?
Why do dogs bark at you?
Why do some people think animals should be treated equally?
Why did Rodney king get beat by the las angeles police?
Why is demorgan laws used?
Why is confientiality a legal requirement?
Why is probable cause an important clause in the collection of evidence?
Why are ethics important when citing case law?
Why was the Freedom of Information passed?
Why did eugene talmadge run for governor in 1946?
Why would the receiver of your payoff amount want the amount returned?
Why is a Patent necessary?
Why do you want to be a leader in school?
Why did they start immigration?
Why do dogs bark in there sleep?
Why are scram jets unmanned?
Why is it illegal to steal?
Why is animal testing considered to be ethical?
Why are some people prohibited from voting?
Why is Canada a democracy?
Why do we need Two chambers in congress?
Why should it be okay to bend the law?
Why does the federal government borrow money at lower interest rates than private borrowers?
Why are there so many asylum seekers?
Why was the lend lease act a break from earlier US polices?
Why were the Cherokee forced out of Georgia by the state of Georgia?
Why do judges have gavels?
Why is global trade important?
Why are laws regarding women not subject to the strict scrutiny test?
Why did Africans believe that Europaen law was unjust?
Why did the States of Rights happen?
Why should boys and girls be treated differently in schools?
Why does the US commitment to the rule of law appeal to other peopes?
Why do they earmark or tag the sheep?
Why do you think the colonists beleaved that these laws were intorable?
Why is coercion illegal?
Why were the colonist justified in waging the war?
Why dont police take cars away for a longer time in the storage deports?
Why is chantelle better than Matt?
Why is it important to become a citizen of a country?
Why is corruption more common in some countries than in other?
Why does a state id have an expiring date?
Why do most men love females?
Why do people want to forget that concentration camps ever happened?
Why are criminal laws needed?
Why is the supereme court so selective?
Why is the food drug and cosmetic act needed?
Why would senators choose to vote cloture?
Why are drug illegal?
Why is the selling of illegal drugs on the street not included in GDP while the selling of drugs in a local pharmacy is included?
Why is hairdressing chemistry important to selecting services?
Why are drug studies done as double blind experiments?
Why may a grand jury be called?
Why do some Mexicans look black?
Why is the practice of law limited to licensed attorneys?
Why should you respect the law?
Why should gums be allowed in public property?
Why is it illegal to sale moonshine?
Why is Iraq unstable?
Why is police brutality an important topic today?
Why was a 13 year old put in lakeside for missing with a 9 year old if it was not against the law?
Why was a 13 year old put in lakeside for sexual abuse on a 9 year old?
Why do you sanction?
Why does cheating hurt?
Why do teens do drug?
Why are modern democracies indirect?
Why is it illegal to burn pallets?
Why is Laundry Powder harmful to the environment?
Why is the distinction between possession and ownership important in the law?
Why does congress establish courts?
Why are Florida and Arizona ranked high for senior citizens?
Why do you have to learn about bylaws?
Why does the FCC cut indecency out?
Why do Mexicans immigrate to the us in 2008?
Why do old dogs bark at walls?
Why does a contract have legality of object?
Why would statutes need to be amended?
Why are prison populations increasing?
Why should homosexuality be legalized?
Why is tolaitarianism good?
Why are laws important to us?
Why did jamacia establish laws?
Why was Tom Robinson like a mockingbird?
Why is it illegal to mail letter containing ceque in Nicaragua?
Why are the arrows of war and the olive branch perfect symbols of foreign policy in the US?
Why is HighViz Consulting called a project company?
Why do most people prefer secret ballots than card checks?
Why is judiciary the best option for justice even though it delays processes?
Why were suffragists jailed?
Why is the New Hampshire primary important?
Why is important to report OHs regulations have been breached?
Why is evidence more important than witnesses?
Why do you need background information?
Why are easements shown on a Title?
Why cant we ask more than one question at a time what cant we use punctuations why cant we use dates 03 14 09 why cant we use names btw im juan?
Why did Cleveland Sellers get arrested?
Why do you need a labor law?
Why does it make a difference that the person is handicapped?
Why is authority needed?
Why are you so stupuid?
Why were Germans discriminated against?
Why do you have different types of government exfedral?
Why were bylaws created?
Why do dogs bark at lamp posts?
Why should India vote?
Why should everyone who commits a crime be punished?
Why is it significant that the supreme court overturned the endorsement of the order 9066?
Why did Kennedy believe that engagement in Vietnam was crucial to his foreign policy?
Why is limeware illegal?
Why should you obey your school safties?
Why was poor law introduced?
Why do the five laws of indices always work?
Why does it take longer to go up the down escalator than to go down the up escalator?
Why should teen curfew not be abolished?
Why is the law of universal gravitation important?
Why was abortion once called murder and now it is not called murder?
Why is the jury all men?
Why did the British want to move west of the Appalachians?
Why do you think you should be appointed this position?
Why do judges encourage little public audience in the court room?
Why are laws made for intolerable acts?
Why do you think that?
Why do some people dislike refugees and asylum seekers?
Why can a drug be developed to have a specific therapeutic effect?
Why was korematsu vs us important in American history?
Why are golf carts illegal on Virginia roads?
Why did ceasarchavers care so much about Mexicans?
Why is it illegal to marry your cousin?
Why do illegal aliens get deported?
Why cant weed be legal?
Why are there police in your school?
Why does the government have gun laws?
Why is china a non democratic country?
Why are democrats better at the economy?
Why do hobos eat out the trash?
Why was the bike helmet made?
Why are law and ethics similar?
Why do we need to buckle our seatbelts?
Why is alcogol legal at age21 not 18?
Why was Sex education instated in the US?
Why was the parliament important?
Why does beer make a person urinate more?
Why were the laws so unjust in the old times?
Why should smoking not be made illegal?
Why do court of appeals have civil or criminal appeal numbers?
Why should the helmet law be abolished?
Why did johnFkennedy do what he did?
Why does the government check your mail?
Why do you have to be 16 to drink?
Why do you need building regulations?
Why was the baseball strike of 1994 and 1995 heard by federal courts and not a state or local court?
Why is Intellectual Property important to both socienty and to people who create?
Why was the Food and Drug Administration created?
Why do stupid people overestimate their own intelligence?
Why is it important to understand legislation and regulations?
Why do asylum seekers and refugees move?
Why is it so hard to get a job as a lawyer or trainee?
Why does Evgeni Malkin Talk funny?
Why does it matter who nominates the justice?
Why is it illegal for children age ten gambling?
Why were laws important to the citizens of Rome?
Why did member states implement transitional arrangements against the EU8 and the EU2 during 2004 and 2007 and were these really needed?
Why do judges have the power to override the law?
Why does statute law have priority over common law?
Why is alcohol made illegal in the US?
Why do people study business law?
Why are all the fun things Illegal?
Why should you legalize weed?
Why does a company have to give you your money back if you are not satisfied?
Why would you need an attorney in the army?
Why is drinking when your underage compared to when your of legal age seen as bad in society?
Why do they do that?
Why was the treaty of waitangi signed in Waitangi?
Why does cullums parents beat him?
Why did stagflation break the laws of economic theory?
Why do most bills not get passed?
Why were trade barriers enacted?
Why does the constitution require two witnesses to convict treason?
Why are there more black members in the house of representatives than in the senate?
Why are people so dang stupid?
Why did this law have limited success?
Why is glue a drug?
Why are judges important?
Why was oliver released by the magistrate?
Why did the natural law party begin?
Why was the population law in China enforced?
Why do you study the laws of business laws and taxation?
Why is it important to learn the real dangers of drug use?
Why is terrorism a law enforcement concern?
Why are sausages so seductive?
Why is it important to understand the gas laws?
Why are you justified in classifying law by judicial decisions as a source of law?
Why does the state prioritize the formation of nuclear family households in the development process?
Why is it difficult to define law precisely?
Why was drug use so high for US soldiers in the Vietnam war?
Why is eating a dead body illegal?
Why did the local government create zoning laws?
Why are stripped books illegal?
Why was the Law of Armed Forces developed?
Why should corrections to medical records be date and time stamped?
Why are there homophobics in the world and why are gays frowned upon?
Why did scientist develope the law and the theory?
Why are legal codes necessary?
Why does big mouth family drop the law suit?
Why are jaws important?
Why is it illegal to photocopy music?
Why is auto talker illegal?
Why do you think corporal punishment should be legal?
Why did most imigrants settle in the north during the civil war?
Why do clothing brands use animal fur?
Why is the drug trade in Mexico a issue?
Why do you accept outrageous drug related behaviour from most celebrities but not athletes?
Why arent people traeted equally in bitain?
Why did immigrent children work even though it was against the law?
Why was England faced with hunger and increased crime?
Why do people migrate illegally?
Why do you need to learn the English language?
Why would required by law be a reaon that personal health care be shared?
Why would law enforcement purposes be a reason that personal health care be shared?
Why did he study law?
Why were the hoon laws changed?
Why should a paralegal know the legal heritage?
Why is it important to be mature and responsible?
Why do people break laws?
Why cant women be naked on street?
Why is employment law important?
Why is employment law important for an employee?
Why would a judge impose and stay a sentence?
Why did the fugitive law started?
Why is the law of universal gravitation significant throughout the universe?
Why is some poaching legal?
Why do you need a custodian for bonds?
Why did the 3rd home rule bill fail?
Why do advocates dislike bleeding heart judges?
Why is judicial interpretation necessary?
Why has no one responded to your question?
Why does the phrase jack the lad used?
Why did the US vote against an arms trade treaty?
Why is there need of laws in India?
Why are US laws good at protecting against monopoly pricing of products but fail to control the quasi political agenda of entire societies by oligopolies?
Why are capital cases subject to different influences than other criminal cases?
Why was the UN originally created?
Why are there regulations governing the insurance industry?
Why is reasonable doubt important in criminal cases?
Why do you need rules and laws?
Why do people just migrated to other coutry without knowing there laws?
Why would Superior Court Judge declare an illegal document to be a true document?
Why is there illegal laws in effect today?
Why is it illegal to fly a plane at supersonic speed over the US?
Why have East African governments found it difficult to establish a sense of national identity among citizens?
Why do people download music and films?
Why are lawyers awful?
Why is it called the Books of Law?
Why did formal courts and formal legal systems emerge?
Why are religious laws important to people?
Why does the measure of each angle of the regular polygon being a factor of 360 allow the regular polygon to tessellate?
Why did Britain punish colnist with several new laws?
Why did the Britain puinsh colnist with several new laws?
Why did many ancient societies passed laws forbidding bachelorhood?
Why did the king feel the need to bring the statue of labourers act in the new law?
Why would a legal defense team be so interested in a statistical estimate that the price elasticity of demand for its part was 62?
Why are fire crackers illegal in the state of Maryland?
Why is your pension miscalculated after the required twenty five years of service due to the alleged CETA of 1973 program?
Why are laws needed for a community?
Why is mountain laurel illegal to pick in new york?
Why was you arressted on a warrant years later can the court just bring back a charge?
Why are laws insufficient?
Why is alocoal is illegal?
Why do ministers use green ink?
Why is it important to have a basic understandings of the law that govern the physical world?
Why did the population law start in the story among the hidden?
Why is international arbitration important?
Why is the theory of contact so important in law and business?
Why do law change?
Why is cannabis legal in holland?
Why would you need Alta 7 stated on Title Policy for a manufactured home if you have a Manufactured Home Rider to the Deed of Trust?
Why does the Rule of Law exist in the US government?
Why do tax laws influence alliances and partnership choices?
Why is Kenya a refugee hotspot?
Why do people find it so dumb that gas prices are so high?
Why do court rules govern appellate briefs in detail?
Why are people criminally relocated?
Why is legal language purposely hard to understand?
Why is there an informercial on at nine pm Saturday June 13th instead of originally planned Law and Order somebody as?
Why is it illegal for children to look at porn?
Why does the impeachment process exist?
Why did Henry Morgan attack Jamaica that time in 1655?
Why are we called the United States why not the combined ates of America?
Why is moonshine illeagal?
Why do police organization exist?
Why is a custom a force in common law?
Why do you get more time in prison when you kill someone with a knife then when you kill someone with a gun?
Why do religious traditions have symbols to represent god?
Why do you need to know the rules and regulations when in the laboratory?
Why are the biggest criminals in the country the ones who make and enforce the laws?
Why are pilots important to society?
Why is politics attractive to people?
Why are people involved in examination malpractice?
Why is it illegal to sell a toothbrush and toothpaste to the same customer on Sunday in Providence?
Why is a rape counsellor exempt from the sex and discrimination act?
Why was suicide illegal in England in 1909?
Why are Euthanasia cases held in criminal court?
Why does love have an age requirement?
Why did Courtney vance leave law and order CI?
Why do Japanese politicians resign so frequently?
Why do you think there was a need for a law prohibiting dowry?
Why do you create water districts?
Why are there many types of law enforcement?
Why is the adverary system of law a necessity to produce just results?
Why would someone get a scram bracelet?
Why should citizens be the authors of societys laws according to Rousseau?
Why does the state of new york seem to have more weapon laws than any other state?
Why did Jefferson claim that a government cannot exist without the consent of those who agree to be governed?
Why do most states have usury laws to regulate the interest rate that may be charged in consumer transactions?
Why is it easier for law firms and insurance compainies to substitute capital for land?
Why should you not believe in the right to privacy?
Why are you not allowed to use life jackets in the pool at the deep end?
Why do people smuggle?
Why did you select a career in law enforcement?
Why is it illegal to hang up womens underwear in los angelas during autumn and winter?
Why did HS Truman deport illegal immigrants?
Why is food labelled?
Why do you think acts and regulations exist?
Why are weapons dangerous on school campus?
Why have a DVD burner if it is not legal to copy a DVD?
Why does it take so long to make a law?
Why did the US go to war in Britain in 1812?
Why is ssmoking legal?
Why does the law of diminishing returns occur?
Why did queen elizabeth make eating fish 3 time a week law?
Why would European countries pass laws to sustain traditional organizations and inhibit the emergence of new ones?
Why did founders not allow citizens to veto laws?
Why is newtons 3rd law important to the acsent of science?
Why is newtons third law important to the ascent of science?
Why is it illegal to go into a graveyard after dark?
Why are drug studies that yield results that go against the personal beliefs of law makers allowed to be ignored when it comes to making rulings?
Why is it illegal to peek on undressing girls?
Why is it law may be hard but it is still the law?
Why is employment Law Necessary?
Why do law enforcement need to know code 15 and what kind of a ramification can they get if violated?
Why are people sentenced to Death Row?
Why are patch tests legally necessary when most people are not allergic to hair color?
Why do you study keplers law?
Why should he be so entitled?
Why is it illegal to buy a turtle under two inches?
Why would autonomy be illegal?
Why is written agreement necessary in legal consultancy?
Why is legal size paper the size it is?
Why do you think the idea of the penitentiary first caught on in the US?
Why is romsite illegal?
Why is public transport exempt from antitrust laws?
Why was the harvord scholar arrested?
Why does America have government?
Why can the state go after child support if your on assistance?
Why does are law come from so many places?
Why was the law of equity introduced?
Why are private water wells illegal within city limits?
Why is fear associated with marijana legalization?
Why did this law come into effect?
Why is a law degree faster in UK?
Why arent switchblades legal in il?
Why is it illegal to pump your own gas in Oregon?
Why is it giffen goods is the exemption to the law of demand?
Why would somebody get a twenty thous dollar cash surety bond for first time misdemeanor battery causing bodily harm?
Why is the no child left behind law is not closing the racial gap?
Why is butterfly nife illegal in California?
Why are hospitals exempted from antitrust laws?
Why is the rule of law better than the rule of man?
Why is there a need to create law?
Why are debt buyers legal and who are there governing bodies?
Why are some stikes legal?
Why are Mother In Laws so Cruel?
Why are the rules and laws made?
Why do judges ware wigs?
Why cant a 11 year old join anything?
Why should one file a homestead declaration in los angeles?
Why is client attorney privilege so valuable when it is abused so much?
Why do people answer stuff wrong?
Why do families develop sets of rules that every family member agrees to live by?
Why should you keep the second admendment?
Why did a judge in Texas forbid Microsoft from selling Word 2008?
Why are businesses closed on Sundays?
Why is eating people illegal?
Why was the Brisbane law court built?
Why would there be a just cause hearing for someone who has already done their sentacing?
Why is a just cause hearing scheduled if someone has already been sentanced and what can happen at this?
Why is Nancy Pelos such a lier?
Why was raed aqel under investigation by medical licensing board?
Why should an employer abide by regulation?
Why is mediation and arbitration important?
Why is the common law refereed to as common law?
Why is a hobnoker illegal?
Why is environmental law international hard to regulate?
Why is freedom of press necessary?
Why is guantanamo bay being used to hold illegal combatants?
Why should intellectual property be protected well?
Why is it illegal to ask for money or donations online?
Why cant growing long fingernail in islamics law?
Why do you need new laws?
Why do detectives have so much prestige in the force?
Why is it important to establish whether an issue is regulated by substantive or procedural law?
Why would a lawyer suggest a plead of guilty to a misdemeanor when a person did not participate in the crime?
Why did the british pass the law of proclamation?
Why was a code of written laws so important?
Why should the law be enacted to provide funding for assistance of abused elders?
Why is there no power in sharjah?
Why does Facebook ask to confirm the birthday?
Why is law considered as an art?
Why would a college want to pay you to stop attending?
Why is it important to have a written legal code?
Why is the law is important?
Why do communties have laws?
Why is the jury important to the system?
Why do juveniles murder other people what are their reasons?
Why are dumb laws still on the books if they are not enforced?
Why is it not mandatory to have first aid training in the US when getting a drivers license?
Why are weapons legal?
Why does India need a constitution?
Why was the tax law on ss changed?
Why are Common Law crimes not defined?
Why are midwives illegal in some states?
Why are Unnecessary laws not good laws but traps for money?
Why is it that hacienda lucita was exempted for the coverage of agrarian law?
Why do you have holes in your sock?
Why was murder of a monarch considered to be a terrible crime?
Why should an ma not issue a family member information about a patient?
Why is spousal abuse not a legally reportable offense?
Why would the insurance company even have the leverage to force you to sell your home?
Why is it illegal to burn cds?
Why is the law made by the goverrnment important?
Why do I continually get delayed not denied when I attempt to purchase a firearm?
Why is it illegal in Mesquite Texas for children to have unusual haircuts?
Why are boobs private?
Why might moral obligations seem more important than legal responsability?
Why is it illegal to sell used matresses?
Why is court spelled with a v in most government buildings?
Why is moral law nature law and divine different?
Why are outcomes in the adversarial system a matter of win or lose?
Why does fmla become law in 1993?
Why is the constitutional governments has one breach is often checked by the other branch?
Why might moral obligations seem more important than legal responsibilities?
Why is assisted suicide not a law in Arizona?
Why are rules of law so important?
Why did the Romans believe that law should be based on principles of reason and justice?
Why do you have to pay to change your name?
Why are pitballs illegal in the UK?
Why can corporations and private universities prohibit student and other employees from engaging in offensive speech using company equipment or services which public universities cannot?
Why did parliament pass laws that the colonists considered unjust?
Why did Olympia de Gouges write a Declaration of th Rights of Woman and the Female Citizen?
Why did the law of spontaneous generation survive for so many years?
Why was the constitutional convention not legal?
Why are developing countries lax in respect to holding manufactures liable for product defects?
Why is Law distinguishable from other forms of social control?
Why is not israel santioned for genocidal war crimes?
Why is constituiton considered as the fundamental law of the land?
Why was the law of Federal Food Drug Act 1906 enacted or passes through legistlation?
Why was the employment law created?
Why do some people not like jury duty?
Why should laws be written down?
Why do cops chase streetbikes?
Why is it children in conflict with the law a problem?
Why does rachel keep her legal papers on her in the color of water?
Why is a warrant important when employing surveillance?
Why should speeding limits be higher?
Why was the British attack on the Chesapeake illegal?
Why is harming a mantis against the law?
Why does ssi decrease your monthly payment?
Why is there an age limit for drinking alcohol?
Why is a hearing scheduled for an order to show cause re dismissal when I was granted a motion to set aside default?
Why is justice for some and not for others?
Why is criminal law important?
Why is it illegal for a 13 year old to have sex with a 16 year old?
Why is the mayor of Chicago in Copenhagen denmark this week?
Why is it illegal to cry on a witness stand?
Why should a security officer have knowledge about the law?
Why is law reporting essential to judicial precedent?
Why are campaign finances regulated by law?
Why is Declaration of Independence important in literature?
Why do stupid laws apply?
Why are laws different for juvenile offenders?
Why is drinking under age illegal?
Why did court martial get shot?
Why is it illegal to plow a cotton field in North Carolina with an elephant?
Why were the Sheriffs at 695 Adrian Way Oct 2 09?
Why do you need to keep your shirt on if youre in public?
Why did masschusetts passed the independance of own code of law in 1641?
Why is it legal to ware a bikini around but not legal to ware a bra and underware?
Why is it illegal to ship nut trees to California?
Why does society need civil law?
Why didgovenor ramon blanco declared martial law?
Why is there no person shall be imprisoned for non payment of debt?
Why do police put handcuffs on your wrists not on your feet?
Why do police put handcuffs on you?
Why is the legal age for drinking 21 and the legal age for enlisting in the military 18?
Why did Robert peel want to repeal the corn law?
Why are laws and regulations needed?
Why does a woman have to sign a legal binding contract when she gives birth to a child?
Why do grown ups force children in to sex?
Why is consensus model justice more of product of cooperation among component agencies than it is the result of conflict among agencies with in the system?
Why is blackmail illegal?
Why do people older than 21 tend to use legitimate downloading sites whereas younger people tend to use illegal sites?
Why dont they make pornagrophy illegal?
Why was Anthony gail court martialed?
Why is writing law down very important?
Why is the crime rate droppingno im not a criminal for all of you cops monitoring everything I would think that in the recession crime would go up?
Why did Hammurabi distribute copies of his law throughout his empire?
Why is communication important in the police force?
Why are laws useful?
Why do celebrities always get away with everything legally?
Why do celebrities always get away with everything legal wise?
Why is there a federal and provincial level of human rights?
Why is Grotius called the father of international law?
Why is sodemy illegal?
Why is it illegal for a woman to skydive on a Sunday in Florida?
Why are the defenses of provocation and diminished responsibility only available for murder?
Why do you get different answers from different attorneys to the same question?
Why do the Arunta marry there dead husbands younger brother?
Why do people think US is so much better then canadians?
Why is obeying the laws important to preserving democratic government?
Why is graham v conner important to law?
Why was the common law important?
Why are suppressers illegal?
Why does the US take the illegal immigrants away if all they want is a better life for themselves and there family?
Why is alcohol still legal?
Why is it important to have a federal court system?
Why is obeying the law important?
Why is it illegal to fight in school?
Why is the pork barrel is the source of corruption?
Why do illegal aleins have fake documents?
Why was ancient law so strict?
Why did they have crazy laws?
Why is it that a law accepted by the majority of the community becomes binding on the community?
Why is the judge more powerful than the prosecutor?
Why did America try to control us with laws?
Why should they legalize mariujana?
Why is the civil law necessary?
Why is it important to have law in education?
Why did the king of England refused his assent to law?
Why do others think the laws were cruel?
Why is it bad in law to allege two offences in a single complaint?
Why do states create local government?
Why is the beretta px4 storm type f illegal in California?
Why should there be curfew laws?
Why did US Tax dollars go to pay the bonuses of foreign nationals employed by AIG?
Why is arbitration important in resolving land disputes?
Why is common law used?
Why is legislation and regulations important?
Why are party agents present in the polling booth and the counting centre?
Why is the 3rd law of newtons law of motion important?
Why do courts allow a variety of objections?
Why did parlements law have such a big impact on the colonies?
Why were the law makers displeased with the Augustine panel?
Why are police lights always red on television?
Why is common law nebulous?
Why is the law 21 to drink?
Why are Retrials why allowed when constitution says one per person?
Why are retrials allowed when the constitution says ony one per customer?
Why is the manual handling policy important?
Why is the law of creation is to give?
Why can the president of the US say he will pull troops from Iraq for good in order to get elected and then not follow through once getting elected get away with it?
Why is it important to follow organizational and legal procedures?
Why is mailing illegal drugs is a federal crimes?
Why does a reporter need some legal knowledge?
Why are rules and laws necessary?
Why is there a separation in government branches?
Why is it important to obey the laws?
Why does the law state that it is illegal to drive without a seat belt?
Why was it illegal for the spanish to trade with the French?
Why are cops mean?
Why does dmv say your lisence is revoked but inssurace cant find any info or revoktion?
Why is it important that the laws agree with the constitution?
Why is searching lockers in Georgia legal?
Why do you need a higher law?
Why did US oil companies initially oppose the phaseout of lead in US gasoline?
Why has it been difficult to pass laws regarding transportation?
Why are brass kuckles illegal but knifs are not?
Why do Americans need to fulfill their legal responsibilities in the courtroom?
Why is gold smuggling illegal?
Why are due process and the Miranda case so important in our legal system?
Why was it necessary to modify amperes law for time varying fields?
Why was the domestic system an expensive way to produce goods?
Why is the parliament house important?
Why is it the persons most often seen knocking on doors in the inner cities are always minorities yet when a witness dies control of their possessions are taken over by whites?
Why would a soldier be court martialled?
Why do people sometimes have funny names?
Why did Steve Biko go to jail?
Why is it illegal to urinate while standing up in Switzerland?
Why was Clarence Darrow made famous in 1925?
Why is it illegal for vendors to sell freeware and shareware?
Why does China limit couples to having just one child?
Why was this law made?
Why are anti trust laws useful?
Why do you need mathematics to be a vet?
Why would the federal agents come and search A home?
Why did the house of lord issue the 1966 practice statement?
Why do laws need to change over time?
Why are certain acts crimes in one state and not another?
Why are so many people afraid of law abiding citizens who obtain concealed weapon permits?
Why do children have to go school by law?
Why do you have a scottish parliament?
Why would larger grains settle slower than predicted by tokes law?
Why is there more jails than schools?
Why do the public sector and private sectors have different labor laws?
Why is everyone so against killing people?
Why is violence against women illegal?
Why do you need laws written down?
Why is a classifacatin fenoly3 a fenoly3?
Why did the Democratic Party institute the concept of super delegates to their convention?
Why did congress pass laws that restrictes the influences of the LDS church in the territory?
Why can or cannot provide law enforcement with customers account information?
Why is drinking at home illegal for minors?
Why are you worrying about the bid period OPENING?
Why is belly dancing illegal in schlumpville?
Why do individual workers need to know their rights under the employment laws?
Why is prejudice a bad thing in the worplace?
Why is it against the law for a man living in northampton to be buried in Southampton?
Why is euthnasia illegal?
Why can Canada get by without a legal reserve requirement?
Why were native Americans removed from their lands?
Why are local government laws called bylaws?
Why is the selling of human organs illegal?
Why is thinks giving a legal holiday?
Why is the Mexican Constitution of 1824 and the US Constitution important?
Why do child labor laws still exist today?
Why do American Indians think they can blame all their shortcomings on white people?
Why was the potato chip invented in 1853?
Why did hallucinogens become illegal?
Why do you need a racial percentage breakdown?
Why is government not doing against delay of metro?
Why do fire officers need to be informed on the legal position of the fire department when dealing with fire restistive construction?
Why is common law said to be unwritten?
Why does Maine have blue law?
Why is your name capitalized in totality on your social security card and birth certificate?
Why did Texans oppose the law of April 6?
Why should the government should put a cap on monetary awards for medical malpractice suits?
Why is it Important to have a data protection legislation?
Why is halon illegal?
Why is a state a legal person?
Why is Lauren amazing?
Why is the legal driving age 16 and should it stay 16?
Why were laws and government needed?
Why did marshall law enter the king of iron fist tourament?
Why is vigilantism wrong?
Why was j walking made a law?
Why has this legal act been introduced?
Why is it illegal to run out of gas in Youngstown?
Why is it illegal to fish from a girraffes back?
Why do people judge others based on ethnicity?
Why were child labor laws successful?
Why do people have laws?
Why are brass knuckes ilgeal in the US?
Why should sexual orientation be of minimum scrutiny?
Why isprostitution legal?
Why did buisnessmen Gilded Age favor immmagration laws?
Why can shawano county make up there own rules and laws?
Why does US only have two major parties?
Why should an officer take criminalistics?
Why is it important to cooperate with officers of the law?
Why was the circuit courts made?
Why do people patent inventions?
Why should illegal imigrants stay?
Why were federal courts created?
Why do cases have to go through so many courts?
Why did the colonist choose to base their government on written law rather than common law?
Why is Warren Anderson wanted?
Why did they write the Mexican law of colonization?
Why do governments of coastal West African countries have to borrow money?
Why does the proponent of evidence needs to establish a chain of custody?
Why are trials br jury so important?
Why cant you eat dogs?
Why would magistrates phone a witness on trial day?
Why is collecting bones personally illegal?
Why is caffeine legal in the us?
Why does the president declared martial law in maguindanao?
Why are the sources of international law?
Why were black laws enacted?
Why do citizens agree to follow laws?
Why is it against the law to print your own money?
Why is the nature of handling criminal cases involving sex crimes often times requires much more sensitivity during the course of an investigation than other crimes?
Why do some people think that Civilians and the Army should be allowed to use the same roads?
Why do you have laws in us?
Why is a legal team good for a company?
Why do state courts hear so many more cases then federal courts?
Why have states outlawed gerrymandering?
Why is the military so stacked AGAINST the republicans when the republicans give them all the money and make them the number 1 priority consumer for your new technologies?
Why should music stay legal?
Why is the UK a bicameral parliamentary democracy?
Why do you have to legalize abortion?
Why should jurors dicuss and debate before making a decision on the verdict?
Why do rich come out on top versus poor?
Why are statutory law administrative law and common law important?
Why may a person may a person do as he or she chooses in this country?
Why is it illegal to kiss your wife on Sunday in Hartford Ct?
Why is Congress inevitably unpopular with voters?
Why is it unethical and illegal to understate earnings?
Why do federal appellate courts write out their opinions after a decision?
Why does GMA declare martial law in maguindanao?
Why is tritium illegal in the us?
Why did isolationist want inconguous laws passed?
Why do appellate courts write out their opinions?
Why should you know about laws that affect you in the workplace?
Why is Railroad cars parked along hwy 96 in Crowley County Colorado why is railroad using this for storage or junk yard?
Why is stacker 2 illegal?
Why are laws necessery?
Why does the full committee send it to a subcommittee?
Why do local governments create zoning laws?
Why have a career in law?
Why is it illegal to murder somebody?
Why is monopoly considered illegal?
Why is it important to pursue a paralegal degree presently?
Why would western union in the name of compliance ask me for my bank statements?
Why are maps concerning wells exempted from the Freedom of Information Act?
Why are the independent agencies separate from the executive departments?
Why should a convicted criminal make restitution to the victim?
Why do things have value?
Why is spice illegal in the us?
Why do governments believe in capital punishment?
Why is it still legal to sell crap like this i am not surprised we have boomers?
Why is is illegal to enter a cemetery at night?
Why do you have to ask the government if you can sue them?
Why would they pull a case from 10 months ago and now bring it to court?
Why did Boston Legal have to go off the air I loved the show?
Why do states have to honor the laws of other states?
Why did the government introduce the national lottery?
Why did the british make salt illegal causing the salt march?
Why was the alien act of 1798 unfair?
Why should congress make the laws?
Why do you need a lawyer to get a copy of your own rap sheet in California?
Why should a couple get legally married if they love each other?
Why did FDR legalize alcohol?
Why is it illegal to dig arrow heads?
Why is fist fighting illegal?
Why did ancient rome interest in scholors?
Why do you think the Germans wrote such a law?
Why is it that it is illegal to eat platypuses?
Why should I go into Border Patrol?
Why does your friend keep stealing from everyone?
Why is oaching illegal?
Why do you need to learn air law?
Why does a policeman have to be on a crime scene after successful theft?
Why is written constitution important to unwritten constitution?
Why do you need child labor laws today?
Why is it illegal to burn a selective service registration card?
Why is the military court so important to the federal court system?
Why are Conventions as a stronger source of International Law?
Why are sedativs legal?
Why was legalism not a good way to rule?
Why is sagging illegal?
Why were the numberg laws of 1395 created?
Why did the Indians not like being rulled by the British?
Why does NASA airbrush out all of the details of satellite imagery?
Why did people in the south want lower tarrifs?
Why did progressives push for child labor laws?
Why is money made if so many people die for it its just paper?
Why does a verdict have to be unanimous in murder cases?
Why is the US a common law?
Why is accounting system with adequate controls a legal requirement for companies?
Why is contract law important to know?
Why is it illegal for a person to accept money for sex but legal if they film it?
Why do you think the Congress established federal appeals courts in 1981?
Why is it illegal to step out of a plane in Maine?
Why does the defendant have to stand when the decision is announced?
Why is it illegal to sleep with your shoes on in North Dakota?
Why do laws need to be changed?
Why did Henry 2nd want to change the law?
Why do you have drivers license?
Why is implied contract legally binding?
Why can the US Supreme Court hear cases on appeal from lower courts?
Why did ary aulsen get awarded a metal for Dog Song?
Why would an individual use the court of appeal?
Why do people choose a career in law enforcement?
Why are the people in crack labs naked?
Why are the laws more favourable to women?
Why did Anglo Saxons have sex?
Why did the employee at Camp Pendleton hide claims?
Why do you need law to construct a building?
Why is alimimnum good for pots and stuff?
Why is freon illegal in some states?
Why do you need speed cameras?
Why do courts dimiss a case?
Why is the legal systlem necessary for your society?
Why did Johnson veto the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and what action did Congress take as a result of the veto?
Why is insider trading illegal?
Why is the internment one of the greatest civil rights violations in American history?
Why was declared illegal to swim iat public beaches in 1838?
Why is execution wrong?
Why is it important to know business laws?
Why is it illegal to lie down on the sidewalks of Nevada?
Why do parties negotiate settlements without resorting to litigation?
Why do you have certain laws?
Why are there somany different law enforcement agencies in the US?
Why are ads on backpagecom legal?
Why is the adversary system of law a nessesity to produce just results?
Why do people leave Nigeria and go to Europe illegally?
Why do I have to hire a lawyer to get my money after I received a court judgement in my favor?
Why should euantanasia be legal?
Why should illegal immigants be allowed?
Why are the federal courts called the guardians of the Constitution?
Why is your bankruptcy still showing after 10 years?
Why did the colonists oppose the new laws passed by parliament?
Why is skating illegal in most places?
Why have there been changes to speed limits in the last 100?
Why did nz chamber of commerce start?
Why should laws be applied equally and be public?
Why is a stamp paper required in an agreement when it is not enforceable by law?
Why is graft and corruptionpunishable by law?
Why do immigrants have a different justice system than Americans like Homeland Security and ICE being only after the big fish with no punishment for minor crimes that would have any American in jail?
Why do some law office system fail?
Why were their land law failures?
Why was Anthony garcia arrested in west Sacramento?
Why do Judges refer to video tapes as chalks?
Why did you do drugs?
Why was the casta system made illegal in New Spain?
Why do administrative tribunals tend to enforce the laws of evidence less strictly than does the Ontario Court of Appeal?
Why would an attorney choose to take a law suit on a commission basis?
Why would you be uneligable for a perc card?
Why would someone want your military discharge papers?
Why do you preserve human life?
Why is it illegal not to have an energy performance certificate?
Why is the practice of law limited to licensed attorneys?
Why have most of the advances in civil rights come through the federal courts and not through our legislatures and What does this say about our democratic system?
Why is the jury the cornerstone of the civil justice system?
Why do people hack if they know it is illegal?
Why do people not like illegal immigrants?
Why would someone break the law?
Why do you distinguish between the right and the good?
Why is bond revoked?
Why have there been changes to the speed limits in the lasty hundred years?
Why are family secrets kept for 10 years?
Why are a mothers rights before signing a parent control contract?
Why was Elijah Harper elected into the Manitoba Legislature?
Why should you pay for illegals?
Why was the policy regarding fugitive slaves?
Why do couples get married?
Why is mortgage fraud not portrayed in the media?
Why did governor Blanco proclaim the martial law?
Why were special courts created?
Why was new hempshire ratification so importain?
Why are djarum blacks illegal?
Why did the US economy grow so dramatically between the Civil War and the end of the 19TH century far more than other countries at the same time?
Why did the mau mau rebellion take place?
Why was it illegal in virgina for slaves to know how to read?
Why does the magristrate wear a robe?
Why has patient confidentiality become more difficult in the present health care environment?
Why are unusual laws still in law books?
Why do people like to buy illegal animals?
Why would you think its agricultural?
Why does the government needs laws?
Why is crime high in least developed countries?
Why do they not want illegal people in the usa?
Why does late registration ticket cost so much in SC?
Why would defendant attorney advise they do not believe anything is going to happen with case 4 days prior to court date?
Why should the fast food illegal?
Why werent women allowed to continue their eduaction?
Why do hate crimes occur?
Why is sales tax charged when buying software Does not make sense since you do not purchase the software but the right to use it according to the terms of use on almost every software?
Why should you not take a bribe?
Why should you even hire an attorney?
Why do bank answer status enquiry about their customer?
Why are unpublished dispositions of courts not valid as precedent in future cases?
Why should you not have domestic partnership?
Why is it illegal to dress up as Boy George?
Why is alex wakefield silly?
Why would law get involved in an attempted suicide?
Why is it hard to find a good man these days?
Why is the issue of Asylum seekers so big in the UK?
Why was the law changed?
Why are guns illegal in Britain?
Why was the legal drinking age increased?
Why is it legal to drink and drive?
Why did crack become illegal?
Why do some people use illegal drugs for recreation?
Why is the kidney punch illegal in boxing?
Why is criminal law based based in statutes and not common law?
Why is time a restriction to access of the legal system?
Why cant homeless people living in shelters sue?
Why is it illegal for kids to be naked?
Why is it illegal for students to carry a firearm in school?
Why was you denied purchaser on a long gun?
Why is it legal to show upskirts that are not consentual?
Why does legal teen porn link to so much illegal crap?
Why is it so difficult to ban obscenity?
Why might a person want to heard in a District Court rather than in the Magistrate Court?
Why is cloning illegal in US?
Why is there 7 judges in the high court?
Why do you needs laws?
Why were soldiers arrested for killing enemy soldiers in Iraq?
Why was common law rejected?
Why do abdc judges suck?
Why do you use communication theory?
Why is a study of business Law important to you as a citizen?
Why is it necessary for employees to demonstrate in all work they undertake an understanding of the legal responsibilities and obligations of the work role?
Why did the US Supreme Court rule federal labor laws were unconstitutional?
Why were they added to the constitution?
Why can ex file for custody over and over?
Why is it illegal to tape a concert?
Why is career development necessary?
Why is Wayne Jobby wanted by the police?
Why does a lawyer need to have a srtong realtionship between his or her client?
Why is Compulsory sterilization a crime against humanity while spaying and neutering of animals is encouraged?
Why did Mexico secularize the missions?
Why is alcohol legalized but cannabis is not?
Why should the major political parties be concerned about a strong minor party candidate on the ballot for president?
Why is it illegal to ride at night without any reflectors or headlights on your bike?
Why is America not giving all the detainees of guantanamo detention camp a fair court trial?
Why is America not giving all the detainees a fair court trial?
Why do countries let in asylum seekers?
Why is it important to have school security?
Why is people smuggling illegal?
Why did they start registering vehicles?
Why do you have a trespasing law?
Why is Lady Gaga being sued for 30 million dollars?
Why is your bank account garnished?
Why is law about morals and why is law without morals not considered law?
Why is law about morals and why law without morals is not considered?
Why do many democrats love communism and hate freedom and liberty?
Why is person hung after dawn and before sunrise?
Why are there curfew laws for teens?
Why did jayne torvill adopt her children?
Why is it called the cences?
Why is it illegal to ride a dirt bike in a neighborhood?
Why were labor laws passed for women in 1886?
Why should it be against the law to hit children?
Why is it illegal to shower nude?
Why is it illegal in Illnois to offer your pets cigarettes?
Why are birth certificates recognized as legal in all states?
Why is owning a bulletproof vest safe?
Why are headlight covers illegal in the states?
Why is a Brodie knob illegal?
Why do people commit Street Violence through Alcohol?
Why do you need agents to maintain your patents?
Why is the legal smokening age 18?
Why is cockfighting illegal in the US?
Why do people give up when faced with frustrating intellectual problems?
Why should you keep double jeopardy as a law?
Why is it important to codify law in a society?
Why does security have to be stable and predictable?
Why do you think the teacher did these things?
Why was alcohol illegal in America?
Why did the investigation into 911 cease?
Why do you think there are higher qualifications for senators?
Why is it illegal to hunt a doe?
Why is it illegal in Idaho for someone over the age of 88 to ride a motorcycle?
Why is watching porn illegal?
Why is it illegal to shoot a doe?
Why was Patrick carr accused?
Why do Canadians have so much access to the Us and know so much about them?
Why is the formal legal recognition of same sex marriage so crucial to the gay community?
Why do DUI cases get continued?
Why do you have to be 21 to purchase a gun?
Why is the legal drinking age 18?
Why does the state provide executions for murderers but would not allow a law abiding citizen to request the right to be executed by the state?
Why are grugs illegal?
Why is property so important?
Why have many prisoners of the Guantanamo US military base gained access to trials in federal court in New York?
Why should the sale of human tissue be banned?
Why is it people work humanities have different name and expertise?
Why is the US Constitution longer than the Illinois constitution?
Why is it necessary to have a Terms of Use Policy?
Why would a financial arbitrator contact you at an address you havent been at for over 20 years?
Why do farmers grow coca plant?
Why did john Kennedy have trouble getting legislation passed?
Why is it always difficult for small law firm to win case against large law firm?
Why does hootoiyij?
Why is universal healthcare bad for hospitals?
Why is the end of a cap gun orange?
Why do illegals get free services in the US?
Why do you Need laws in house?
Why is statute law better for consumers?
Why is porn illegal for kids?
Why does home needed a law?
Why is your boss must approve your expenses report?
Why is the amount to be convicted for shoplifting less than theft?
Why is criminal law based in statues and not common law?
Why is illegal siblings having sex if both want to?
Why would you even do that in the first place?
Why is euthanasia legal in Oregon?
Why should the deadly sins be just seven?
Why is one allowed to mount a defence in the Canadian legal system?
Why would a probation officer issue capias if the person is all ready in custody?
Why were child labor laws needed?
Why was mosaic law made?
Why is it that a legal practitioner can be a manager but a manager can not be a legal practitioner?
Why did Sierra Leone start recruiting child soldiers?
Why are asylum seekers a problem?
Why is the executor of estate responsible for eight year old credit card debt?
Why is tequila only made in jalisco?
Why are checks not considered legal tender?
Why do federal courts hear cases rather than state courts?
Why is people smuggling against the law?
Why do you think we need laws?
Why do you want to work for a legal firm?
Why are traffic laws important?
Why should the law be codified?
Why does the government focus on taking away immigrant rights too much?
Why did selling organs begin?
Why did people make marijuanna illegal?
Why is it bad to call people names?
Why did I get detention for looking at Wikianswers?
Why cant you pump your own gas in Oregon?
Why do illegal immigrants risk coming to America?
Why are health and safety procedures needed?
Why are there changes in the law?
Why is the Parliament important as a source of law?
Why were child labor laws passed?
Why is cuba a non democratic country?
Why is making copies of software illegal?
Why is strict liability applied to abnormally dangerous activities?
Why do you need a licence to keep flamingos?
Why are refugees unfairly treated?
Why is rapsody legal?
Why do many authors state that religion or the laws are not a code of ethics?
Why is there a need of infection control laws?
Why is a quorum needed to start a meeting?
Why is sodomy illegal in the us?
Why did TLC hire a lobbyist to work the Pennsylvania legislature around the time new child labor laws were proposed?
Why is it important for human services workers and the professionals they assist to have a theoretical framework for helping and creating change?
Why is alchohal legal?
Why is KFC allowed to keep their ingredients secret while at the supermarket everything must have the ingredients specified?
Why do bandits steal?
Why is it illegal to carry a comb in Alabama?
Why is the press important in America?
Why is hydrogel illegal in the US?
Why is lawful interception required in lte?
Why cant a free society exist without free expression?
Why is public nudity illegal?
Why is it impossible to use the literal rule when intrepting EU law?
Why is absent illegal to drink in the us?
Why did the crime prosection service start?
Why is illegal wild life trade so profitable?
Why is the legal age to get your license changing?
Why is it illegal to download images from the internet?
Why was the law revised in 1976?
Why is a cheque a legal tender?
Why do they have a census?
Why is the doctrine of caveat emptor not applicable to the contract of insurance?
Why did people became asylum seekers?
Why is it important for law enforcement to uphold human rights and the use of force?
Why is sending a virus illegal?
Why are big cases such as the Paddington rail disaster important to law?
Why do you need to know law cases when studying law?
Why are cases needed in law?
Why would an appeal be filled in a lawsuit?
Why cant your son son have full correspondence to his daughter while in prison he had level 3 now only phone calls?
Why is the national bank unconstitional?
Why are sources of law relevant?
Why is weed against the law now?
Why did the confederacy not follow this new law?
Why are corporations like nestle allowed to pump your ground water out of the ground and then sell it back to the public for a profit?
Why is generic law important?
Why is the presumption of innocence so important?
Why do you have a police if you have a law?
Why do you need a drivers license to obtain a workers permit?
Why may a person abandon a civil claim?
Why did us supreme court rule against voter requirements?
Why does social services want to know if you have a boyfriend?
Why are so many things illegal?
Why will Dr Bob lose?
Why is the SEC Securities and Exchange Commission exempt from the Federal Freedom of Information Act?
Why do people watch kiddie porn?
Why are people scared to go to the police after being raped?
Why do I need to sign a legal guardianship form at pharmacy?
Why are rules and laws made?
Why are certain types of artwork such as comics and anime given the label obscene and criminalized and considered not to be artwork and possessing it is a crime?
Why is it illegal to break curfew?
Why is skateboarding illigal?
Why dont we have laws?
Why is caffeine nicotine and alcohol legal?
Why does nz have laws?
Why do have need TO HAVE laws?
Why do you always get a secondary search on the border?
Why do people do illegal stuff?
Why are appellate courts usually composed of an odd number of judges?
Why were the founders against a direct democracy?
Why would you need state supreme court acceptance after passing the bar exam?
Why do hospitals buy the land they do?
Why do you never hear about women peadofiles?
Why was Widespread Panic show on July 13 1999 canceled midway through concert?
Why is it ok for illegals to marry us citizen to become a us citizen months after her divorce from her illegal husband?
Why was the consolidated terror watch list created?
Why do you want to work in garnishment department of banking?
Why would a court not enforce a law that is vague or overbroad?
Why do they use the name john or Jane doe for unknown parties?
Why is it against the law to drink and drive?
Why is it difficult to know the law?
Why was federal government introduced in USA?
Why are there 4 district courts in California?
Why am I being sent notices of ads that are flagged and removed that are not your ads is some one using your information and posting illegal ads?
Why did the court agree that is had personal jurisdiction to hear the case of bird v parson?
Why do scientists need permission to take something from antarctica?
Why is alcohol legal in the us when it use to be illegal?
Why does the law have a legal drinking age?
Why did the tariff reform fail?
Why is it against the law for second cousins to marry?
Why does the transcript refer to Marilyn Register Office when it is Marylebone Register Office?
Why do judges give sentences longer than the human life span?
Why is it illegal to plagiarise?
Why was the legal adviser referred to as opposite by others?
Why do have law?
Why is prosperity important?
Why are people against the law SB1070?
Why did father James dixon die?
Why do teenagers graffiti?
Why was a ticket for battery issues?
Why is recognise important?
Why would a person who has had a distal clavicle resection with treatment for impingement syndrome following a fall adducted become permanently disabled this was second surgery first open Bankert?
Why is printing money a Federal Property?
Why is Human Smuggling Illegal?
Why do you have consumer laws?
Why is it good to have legal codes?
Why cant a theory become a law?
Why do you have these law?
Why might a congressman support the passing of privileges rather than laws?
Why cant the drinking age be lowered to 18 when 18 is the legal age to ship out with the military and die for your country?
Why were the Child Labor Laws created?
Why is the US political system so dependent on the courts?
Why is it bad for illegal immigrants to be in the US?
Why were employment laws created?
Why is achol illegal?
Why is law important to businessmen and women?
Why would you have to give a sample interrogatories for If you were the victim?
Why is a law changed?
Why did people stop using trial by ordeal?
Why isnt kurdistan on the map?
Why do partnerships usually result in a more effective solution to a problem?
Why did Martin Luther go on a pilgrimage to Rome?
Why is it a legal to keep a mongoose as a pet in the US?
Why is bail used?
Why is Edward Is model parliament so historical?
Why are laws violated?
Why does sun look little oval when it is at horizon?
Why is it illegal to have a mongoose in the US?
Why does the Parol evidence rule exist?
Why is it so important to follow the rules?
Why is it not legal to keep a mongoose as a pet in the US?
Why are they important as a venue for US citizens companies and foreign entities?
Why was the juvenille deliquent act created?
Why are laws nesssary?
Why is land registration important?
Why did the North try to secede from the Union?
Why are policy and procedures important to a protection agency?
Why is it important to treat people fairly and not discriminate?
Why are ghost shows legal and how can the TV Networks get away with tricking the public?
Why was it necessary for the Court of Election and the General Court separate?
Why should you not build a tunnel to replace the Alaskan Way Viaduct?
Why is it important to keep a prison a secure environment?
Why was the grandfather clause passed?
Why is trinez always cheezed?
Why would someone call a black person an OJ in a derogatory way?
Why are you stalking Khizra Ali?
Why do you want to work in us embassy?
Why did someone have a pethetic excuse for power also known as the law?
Why is the government not able to restrict the importation of goods?
Why is the length of a holding important?
Why is Britain behind with the development of renewable energy resources?
Why was equality legislation introduced?
Why does Alex play dominoes a lot?
Why do we obey the law?
Why do senators choose to vote for cloture?
Why do you have laws for clients?
Why were the 11 years between the declaration and the constitution so tumultuous?
Why did you said that justice is the gap between wealth and hardships?
Why is the franking privelage needed as a power of a congressman?
Why is it illegal to take care of a baby deer?
Why are there four sources of laws?
Why do you think Constitutions are so popular in the United States?
Why are rich people punished less often than poor people?
Why do congressional staffers have too much power?
Why do you have to go to court for a Civil Peremptory Calendar Notice?
Why did the french enter the war and how did their presence make a difference?
Why should the federal government control immigration policy?
Why do monks wear a rope with 3 knots?
Why does the nose feel funny after you trim the hairs?
Why would discretion be a significant problem with bureaucratic policy implementation?
Why did William McKinley make the gold standard act?
Why does patriostism matter to business?
Why did Mexico make the law of 1830?
Why did paul cezzane go to law school?
Why is it good to have a government?
Why is it important for a judiciary to uphold laws and enforcing fundamental rights?
Why is the DREAM Act so controversial?
Why would a higher court hear an appeal from a lower court?
Why are avandia settlements in California taking so long to negotiate?
Why does everyone torture shy guys in horrible Yoshi videos that usually get popular because everyone loves those demons?
Why were there so many punishments in 1066?
Why do coutrs refuse to get involved with cases involving consideration?
Why is it important for government officials to file their personal assets upon assuming office?
Why did gandhi act as legal consultant?
Why is it illegal to hunt killer whales?
Why do you think the nationalist movement supported the idea that adults have the right to vote?
Why would a person settle a case?
Why does one wo breaks an unjust law in reality show the highest respect for law?
Why do you need laws in dictatorship?
Why would a judge might invoke a publication ban?
Why is an election called in Canada?
Why did homer say that this law was unconstitutional?
Why are sports exempt from mutual combat laws?
Why did tariff reform fail in 1890s?
Why can you repo a car but not plumbing?
Why do the punishment of civil law is less serious than punishment of criminal law?
Why do children from a positive family turn to drugs?
Why were Sunday contracts made legal?
Why are postboxes blue?
Why are you paying legal aid when your case was closed?
Why do judges get a recomendation after dismissing a case with prejudice before dismissing it?
Why does damping defines in terms of velocity not distance?
Why was the democratic party originally named party of the common man?
Why is the new government called a coalition?
Why is accounting considered as an art and a scientist?
Why is fortune against the law of god?
Why does adults have to poay more for entry at any event then childre?
Why is redistricting necessary?
Why would a state gerrymander its districts?
Why are there rules for statutory interpretation?
Why are bonds frequently calculated in 32nds?
Why did it become illegal to rob a bank with a water pistol in Louisiana?
Why are so many kids dropping out in ninth grade?
Why is it that whites think blacks should be like them when they have none of the things whites have?
Why is that the high class people go unpunished for doing certain acts but the low class go punished for that same act?
Why did Parliament pass the corn laws?
Why would it change?
Why do you have human rights laws?
Why is tourism law important?
Why does prosecutor to bring the defendant to trial in a timely manner?
Why would judges favor railroad companies?
Why does the UK restrict asylum seekers?
Why is fair trade legal?
Why do people abuse shrooms?
Why are subcommittees important?
Why is the misdemeanor charge different from the reason for arrest?
Why is porn considered offensive?
Why would an inmate be asked by her public defender not to appear at her felony arraignment?
Why should you give people sufficient notice if you need to change your plans?
Why was marihuana first legal?
Why is it the courts decision weather to hear a case important?
Why is logic important to law?
Why did Zimbabwe drop out of the commonwealth?
Why are laws important in religious ways?
Why is it illegal to have a broad sword if that weapon is the only means you have to defend your life?
Why did many leaders in Europe support Martin Luther?
Why did the federalists oppose going to war with Britain in 1812?
Why would it be important to record and display the laws of citizens to see?
Why should guns not be legal in America?
Why is it rude to moon in public?
Why is it important to key cite?
Why are executions held at midnight?
Why is there under recording of domestic abuse?
Why are there illegal trolley drivers?
Why are books hardback and some paperback?
Why is incest legal in some countries?
Why was it a good idea for Robert the Bruce to be king in 1305?
Why are you liable for husbands child support debt?
Why would someone who has Multiple Sclerosis be denied SSI?
Why was ILO established?
Why do people say that children have no rights?
Why do Florida court records say free when they are not?
Why were labor laws today passed?
Why did the Government enact the social security act of 1935?
Why are California businesses so successful at breaking labor laws?
Why do they call it the forbbiden city?
Why is it important to study law as a banker?
Why is it that all laws are different in each state?
Why is it a bad idea for a kid run for president?
Why should sex affenders be named and shamed?
Why are political parties losing strength?
Why are there more house of representatives than senates?
Why should good faith determine whether an act is legal or illegal?
Why does a judge need to know about earth science?
Why do you think it is very important to make sure that all of the citizens of a country are safe?
Why dont women go to jail for aborting a baby?
Why is liqror legal now?
Why are laws necessary in civilization?
Why is it important to make sure law enforcement officers follow the proper procedures in handling a domestic violence case?
Why are there laws to protect children in the family?
Why do you have employment Law?
Why did GA legislature pass seven Deadly Sin law?
Why did Elias Boudinot become president of the continental congress?
Why is each groups fighting in Afghanistan?
Why was alcohol once again legal?
Why is republicanism so important to the Constitution?
Why cant i get a lawery to sue the law firm the sheriff dept the server the movers and the law firm that started the false forelosures on a disabled woman and hurt her service animal?
Why was the bill of rights developed?
Why is it illeagle for teachers to go on strike in NJ?
Why is enforing and carry ou fereal law important?
Why do bankruptcy laws exist?
Why should consumer receive legal protection?
Why is the adversarial model often inappropiate for the resolution of social conflics?
Why did they take the ten commandments out of US schools?
Why would killing legislation bills be positive?
Why is prison overcrowding increasing?
Why did ssl sell out to RB?
Why do people perceive being ill as a degrading and dehumanizing experience?
Why is russia moving into a democratic state or is it staying in its old authoritarian ways?
Why do you have to keep your ammo separate from your weapon?
Why is your Legal systum bigger today?
Why did many oppose the TVA?
Why does a person who dies have to be declared legally dead when there is no such thing as illegally dead?
Why was there an attempt to ban the book The Lorax?
Why do judges require people on probation to do community service?
Why have I been denied careers on state and gov levels in penitentiaries etc because my siblings have bad backgrounds?
Why is the federal courts higher then the immigration courts?
Why do girls get extra treatment?
Why would a state want to make a Motion to Adjudicate Guilt if someone is already on defeared Adjudication of guilt?
Why are Form of assaults are against the law?
Why is 13 considered unlucky in Europe?
Why was punchboards illegal game?
Why is the Discussion or Dissent in a court case more persuasive?
Why is public policy towards whistle blowing an inconsistent issue?
Why is it illegal to hold someones prescribed antibiotics?
Why do many Americans believe the rigth to own guns is very important?
Why is the legal status of the Sheriff unique?
Why did egyptians hunt?
Why is the average cost of housing a prisoner in Washington higher than the national average?
Why is it that wealthy mobsters were typically illiterate and or uneducated?
Why were slum reform laws in nyc ineffective?
Why is the discovery process important?
Why can domestic violence claims be made without a shred of proof?
Why do manufactures release driver updates?
Why did Plessy believe that the separate car act violated this rights?
Why do judiciary interpret the law?
Why is case law important to constitutional law?
Why is domestic violence important in your society?
Why was it illegal to drag a dead horse down younge street?
Why is it important to take your time and answer a question while on trial?
Why are Guam and the northern Mariana islands included in the same circuit as Alaska California and Hawai?
Why is it not acceptable for a person not to be aware of the laws he or she must follow?
Why do they need a FBI warning about copying videos?
Why do Australian migrants were leaving their countries?
Why do state police cars not use Daytime Running Lights?
Why has the legal driving age gone up?
Why should a country follow the principles of English common law?
Why did you receive a check opened it had postage and return address and everything?
Why is it legal to paddle to other states?
Why can you not sue the police?
Why would they deny a passport with a criminal record?
Why does a bin carry rubbish?
Why is it illegal to kill sharks in America?
Why are there overpopulation in developing countries?
Why does the supreme court not hear cases involving political questions?
Why is it illegal to egg someones house?
Why are guns not allowed on school grounds?
Why did war of 1812 almost cause a civil war?
Why would a woman not leave her husband after having a so called abusive relationship and been living separately for 3 years?
Why did Julius Assange land in Jail and yet there is no one to support him except his family friends and people who love him?
Why should you only document your own experience in an incident report?
Why are laws abolish?
Why was there a formal complaint about Bethany Williams?
Why are users allowed to post slander about specific people on TOPIX without identifying themselves?
Why should students be bribed for their academic performance?
Why should students not be bribed for their academic performance?
Why does your landlord insist on all his mail be sent to the house he rented to us and he dont live here you dont feel comfortable with that?
Why did the framers met under the conditions of the constitutional convention?
Why is the world separated with different countries?
Why do some criminologist believe the connection between alcohol consumption and victiization is casual?
Why is dignity an important right to promote?
Why did congress allow registration by mail?
Why do fire frighters need to know a language?
Why is American law said to be a living law?
Why should there be a law to register and regulate the activities of Non Governmental Organizations in Uganda?
Why do you have to know how a bill becomes a low?
Why do the courts impose punishments?
Why did death penalty laws start to change in the 19th century in the US?
Why are people that cannot spell and do not know what they are talking about allowed to answer questions?
Why do people create Social Outcasts?
Why is it illegal to make digital copies of software?
Why do we not have National minimum standards for childcare in the US?
Why was William E Borah Famous?
Why should prostituion be legal?
Why do you have to fallow laws?
Why is the action of a standing cammittee so important to the passage of a bill?
Why do you have a federal system in America?
Why are injuries more vulnerable when using a lap seat belt?
Why did the 2nd Continental Congress set up the systems of checks and balances and separation of powers?
Why does a revolutrion come?
Why is having a consistent law important?
Why is the term human being not defined in Blacks Law dictionary Editions 1 thru 9?
Why am i being sued for a bike accident while i was insured?
Why do presidents often disagree with Congress?
Why is a command center needed at a crime scene?
Why do you need juvenile justice today?
Why were you the traders of mitchells plai put on a permit system but other illegal traders can just come make stalls and law enforcement are doing nothing about it?
Why did the Nazis enslave others?
Why does stare decisis not exist in Poland?
Why is the contribution of women overloaded?
Why was the royal canadain mounted police put into place?
Why did alcapone drop out os school?
Why is littering a law?
Why is it important who has control of the house of representatives?
Why would you have give your ex the other half of your property if you want them back?
Why did king edward keep the parliament?
Why did the government bail out the banks then allow them to raise your rates?
Why would a search warrant be issued after someone is convicted and sent to prison?
Why is it important for students to study the impacts of discrimination?
Why do you obtain a consensus in the creation of laws?
Why are retrospective laws unfair?
Why is that when random people get killed they call it murder and when famous people like presidents get killed they call it assasination?
Why did the constitution gave more power to the federal government?
Why is marking out so important?
Why arent L platers allowed to drive in kings park WA?
Why were blacks in Alabama excluded from jury duty?
Why does government do privatization?
Why is it illegal to carry an ice cream in your back trouser pocket in America?
Why are businesses censored more than normal people?
Why is a parents authority a big influence in society?
Why would a company prefer to give a a share holder money as compensation instead of a loan specifically if the amount in question is one million dollars?
Why did the framers include the Senate in decision making?
Why does the constitution provide for an independent judiciary?
Why did they rules and laws?
Why should the sale of human tissue be legalized worldwide?
Why is not illegal in Mississippi?
Why is supreme court so important to our country?
Why is the Second Amendment bad?
Why did Mubarak change his mind?
Why is it against the law for a man living in New Brunswick to be buried in Mexico?
Why is sexting a crime?
Why does the government create laws which creates conflict with the people?
Why should every accused be held innocent until proved otherwise?
Why were law enacted?
Why do most cases take place in state courts?
Why do union reps have to have a good grasp of unfair dismissal law?
Why is the right to counsel important?
Why do cops always go easy on celeberties?
Why do you need an MSDS for iron oxide?
Why does the senate have confirm us supreme court appointments?
Why would a creditor would put on chain default?
Why is law clerk needed in modern law office?
Why is the Rule of Law an essential concept of justice in Canadas legal system?
Why have people migrated to form kosovo?
Why are trials not used in all cases?
Why is hording against the law?
Why do shops give ouy loyalty cards?
Why do you have the rule of law?
Why did Ulysses S Grant chose the north side issues of the civil war?
Why is a confession inadmissable if it is not freely and voluntarily given?
Why is it against the law to melt copper pennies?
Why doesnt interrogation work?
Why do pregnant women or the elderly or doctors dentists chemists or members of parliament or sickly are excluded from being a jury Do you agree they should be excluded or entitled to exemption?
Why is it important to protect jurors from outside influences?
Why did Thurgood Marshall deined law school?
Why do students lose their rights in school?
Why is going to school a legal dutie?
Why should nursing practices be conducted within the regular acts and guidelines of commonwealth and state laws?
Why did the justice department charge Microsoft with unfair business practices?
Why is torture illegal?
Why was Anwar Sadat an important world figure?
Why should a country have more than one newspaper?
Why does predjudice occur?
Why did they create a law called poor law?
Why was your public defender fees refunded?
Why should and why does the law recognise some workers as employee?
Why were the Hammurabi clay tablets made?
Why do most buildings get knocked down and something pointless get put there instead?
Why is euthanacia illegal in some countris?
Why do you need to prove customary law in a court?
Why doe legal immigrants feel the us should adopt legal immigrants policy?
Why do the people need the substantive and procedural due process?
Why are some policy issues resolved amicably and while others are associated with relatively conflictual deliberations?
Why is it better to invest in another country?
Why is national law not international law?
Why arent boys really allowed to bully girls?
Why is head of state an important role?
Why should words be controlled when being said to others?
Why dont boys hit girls these days?
Why should corrections in medical records be dated and stamped?
Why is administrative law considered part of public law?
Why is judicial review considered an informal amendment?
Why is its for us to pay special attention to your exports?
Why do state crime labs have 2 experts agree on a match?
Why do you have two chambers within the congress?
Why should a company consider uprgrading their software?
Why was the data protection act formed?
Why do states need to be concerned about laws about laws passed in other states?
Why do more people die from gun fire in the US than any other free country?
Why did AO Neville chief protector of the Aborigines take kids away?
Why are the laws against tobacco?
Why might informed voters wish to access the campaign finance information gathered by the FEC?
Why do you have to be 18 or older to drop out of school or drink?
Why is hokey a good sport?
Why did the IASB replace the IASC?
Why did proabition end?
Why do states have dumb laws?
Why is it philosophically within the idea of Utilitarianism for AZ to have the death penalty while other states do not?
Why are trusts not legal in the US?
Why was the hobbit banned?
Why are communication skills important in legal assistant?
Why is bill 151 discharged 2007?
Why does your husband have to sign closing papers when you bought a hose in the state of Kentucky?
Why does the judge decided to have private court?
Why should foster care be discontinued at age 18?
Why has Sudan and Ethiopia each lose more than a million people in the last century?
Why is dextromethphan legal?
Why is abortion not murder?
Why does no one answer the questions posted on this page?
Why do you think US corporations are more aggressive than European companies in taking steps to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace?
Why is the doctrine of precedent important?
Why is legal assent important?
Why is 18 the legal age of adulthood in America?
Why is important to establish a victim?
Why are gangs increasing?
Why are public meetings important?
Why are Pre Sentence Investigation Reports sealed?
Why is probation different in every state?
Why are legal papers tied with red silk?
Why were the Framers so secretive at the Philadelphia Convention?
Why was the election of 1812 decided by the house of representatives?
Why is the government trying to control what you do?
Why is the constitution purposely designed to be simple?
Why would there be water wars?
Why are intellectual prominent in revolutions?
Why are stems cells legal?
Why does a scotsman wear nothing under his kilt?
Why is it wrong to buy contraband cigarattes?
Why do you have coperiate laws?
Why is eighteen considered to be a legal adult?
Why might an expert witness be used during a lawsuit?
Why did the court feel that it did not matter whether or not Australia was a terra nullius at the time of colonisation?
Why is 18 inches the legal length for shotguns?
Why are some college courses required by law?
Why is bears gallblader against the law?
Why is it illegal to cross the Minnesota border with a duck on your head?
Why would an attorney send an inmate money?
Why do you laws?
Why has the age of majority in South African been lowered from 21 years to 18 years?
Why might the losing side appeal?
Why did Rome have laws?
Why are skateboarders usually perceived as lowlifes?
Why does only Washington and West Virginia have a B and O tax?
Why do historians argue that the appeasement policy was a big mistake?
Why should you change the driving age?
Why do people get summoned to court?
Why is it necessary for citizens to serve on a jury when called?
Why were the states fearful of a strong national government?
Why was Clarence Darrow an attourney for defense?
Why did alcohol became legal again?
Why did Gandhi move to south Africa in 1893?
Why is the labor movement criticized?
Why did the liberal construction of the Constitution prevail?
Why are leaders in congress called lawmakers?
Why is it important for crime scene investigator to wear their credentials at a crime scene?
Why should offenders be given another chance?
Why is the right to have lawyer present during questioning important?
Why did Wiggins shoot the Rialto police officer?
Why is Americanization successful?
Why does a legal immigrant need permission from the home office to marry?
Why do people disunite over land deals?
Why is MY employer taxing MY retention bonus at 40 percent?
Why would party affiliation or judicial activism be more relevant at the Supreme Court level than at a lower federal court level?
Why would judges be more involved in policy making now than they were in the past?
Why cant you get a copy of your motion of discovery?
Why is knowledge of the underlying law in an area important in constructing a question for online research?
Why does Canada need tougher laws to deal with young offenders?
Why do women take up manly jobs?
Why did the court have no occasion to decide whether failure to advise the plaintiff of the risk of nerve injury raised a negligence issue?
Why should a person be excluded?
Why is the court of appeals for the federal circuit different from the other 12 federal courts of appeals?
Why is judge Richard Henderson important to Kentucky?
Why does leaders fail their duties?
Why is federalism important to legal research?
Why is it appropriate to use logic?
Why is it legal to be an impersonator?
Why did the untied states support a mmonarchy instead of a democratic?
Why is it illegal to spit?
Why is it important for aeronautical managers to insure that Federal Aviation Regulations are being followed?
Why is it that gay and lesbian is legal but incest is considered illegal?
Why is it impossible to receive our rebate?
Why are Kinder Surprise illegal in the US?
Why is your mom a but hole?
Why cant there be a double jepordy?
Why is the privatization of government functions risky?
Why should atvs be road legal?
Why do my armpits smell like a bloody cleaver?
Why are the north towers on southern schools higher?
Why do you have labour laws?
Why is there such a high demand for papralegals?
Why are jurors not to pay attention to any type of media during the trial?
Why are jury trials affective?
Why was the role William Paterson played so important?
Why is soapy smith famous?
Why are segars legal?
Why is having a will legal document important?
Why did the government make a law called pedophile?
Why is there a grey helicoptor flying over caldicot monomouthshire?
Why is the accused mentioned first on the title of a court case?
Why are legislations are here and the importance of them what would happen if dont follow legislation?
Why do the government laws?
Why is illegal immigration a good example of the intergovernmental relations mess in the US?
Why is it important to serve as a jury member if called to stand?
Why do some countries ban films video games and books?
Why is Michael Yi so awesome?
Why have the anti dowry laws been ineffective?
Why did the inauguration change?
Why should a justice of the peace recuse himself if there is a conflict of interest?
Why do you have to get pepper sprayed and tazed to become a cop?
Why cant a person drawing pension can become a surety?
Why is it important to have a secret voting in an election?
Why is the format of a four part legal answer important?
Why do children have go to school until they get in da 12 grade?
Why is it important to communicate information legally?
Why is common law more complicated than statute law?
Why can you carry a knife but not a gun i know its easyer to kill someone with a gun but you can stabe some one?
Why is your sister troubling you?
Why do you want to pursue a legal educat?
Why do you need to get guardianship over your mother when you have power of attorney in Saskatchewan?
Why do so many people think Codes Statutes Acts and Law are the same?
Why is it legal to beat children but not adults who misbehaves?
Why can some people sue for being bullied and harassed and others have to suffer with nothing?
Why is it good to have regular elections?
Why do people have child benefit?
Why did ancient punishment have to be painful?
Why was capital punishment imposed so frequently in ancient societies?
Why does the government view bigamy as a crime?
Why does country need a law?
Why might some Christians protest against the legality of civil partnerships?
Why is it important to obey crosswalk signals?
Why is the literal approach more democratic?
Why are fundamental rights 6 and fundamental duties 10?
Why is DNA important in court?
Why does your Remington model 1100 have a small free mason emblem etched into the side of it?
Why is the right to education necessary in India?
Why do you need public goods?
Why did the sharia law start?
Why is there a nude beach directly in front of the FI Lighthouse?
Why is it necessary that the judicial court be men in words honor and dignity?
Why were these powers given to Congress and not the president?
Why should there be no gang violence?
Why is lawn mowing illegal in a place in Kentucky?
Why do swearwords sound gay?
Why is it the word BANK ought to be written in capital letters?
Why do elected leaders have the power to make laws for large cities?
Why are case briefs important part of legal research and writing?
Why is it against the law to put something in some?
Why is the defendant or accused party given chance to be heard?
Why is judgement only given only after lawful hearing?
Why is it cigarettes still manufactured even though it is harmful to us?
Why does the difference in currency between the countries like 44 rupee equals 1 dollar?
Why is offences against person act 1861 still used?
Why is these process important?
Why is it so important for professionals in the field to stay current on the law?
Why do you think you are the outstanding candidate for the job?
Why did the good samaritian law come into existence?
Why is it against the law two have two wives?
Why are gay people not convicted of their sin?
Why doe some people become a victim to internet offer scam?
Why do financial documents have to be signed in pen?
Why should all levels of law enforcement work with private agencies in order to protect infrastructure?
Why would a conviction be amended years later?
Why is it first choice only put second choice and make jab 226 this school is the only hope we like most why now?
Why would an arraignment be delayed?
Why were slavery laws developed?
Why are the programs for adult learners called second chance program?
Why do middle class people gives bribe as donation?
Why can a search warrant be issued for non payment of fines and a non apperance?
Why is it possible for a man to plead guilty to molesting children and only get probation?
Why is your government taking away your rights?
Why dont people read the comments?
Why is it important to wear protective clothing in a clean room and other safety equipment?
Why is there not one right answer to a legal problem?
Why did the women have to work for the men in 1950s?
Why was dale Russell jailed?
Why is the issue of knife crime important nationally?
Why was the tobacco industry involved in a court case?
Why is the risk of being burgled in rural areas lower?
Why are there dates on child safety seats now?
Why were courts in the past reluctant to allow a duty of care for giving advice compared with negligent acts?
Why do gender boxes have to exist?
Why was the work incomplete during CWG games 2010?
Why did the liberal construction of the constituion prevail?
Why is voting started from 18 years?
Why is voting started from 18 years in India?
Why is this groups a team?
Why did the founders establish a strong executive branch in the government?
Why is conflict a normal part of politics?
Why is it important to distinguish between fact and opinion in an essay?
Why was potlatching made illegal in Canada and the United states?
Why was there a war in Europe in 1999?
Why would an attorney file a withdrawal of attorney of record when divorce has been finalized?
Why should you not wait a year to drive your friends after getting their license?
Why does the US borrow from overseas?
Why is it our company is your first choice?
Why would Ga tranport an inmate to Fl for an extradition for IL but leave her in FL?
Why do cops tell they re inmates to plea out so they can a lesser sentence for?
Why does Winthrop believe that a Bill of Rights is essential in the new Constitution?
Why is there the same visa issuance quota for Iceland and India?
Why do suspects need protection?
Why do a lot of peopel go against execution?
Why do states amend their consitiutions?
Why would a world without rules be good?
Why would a CFO be subject to criminal and civil securities sanctions?
Why is collaboration important to be in the police?
Why do police prefer the term incident rather than disaster?
Why is the grand jury necessary?
Why is common law predated statute law in the English systems of law?
Why is community corrections so important?
Why does a bill have to go through all the steps in order to be passed?
Why do we need of legal system in a society?
Why does lds have exclusive rights to public records?
Why do civilization need law?
Why did sungusungu movement fell in the 1990s?
Why is grant and proposal writing important to the research endeavor?
Why are ground rules important?
Why would you want your city to be run by a mayor counsil plan?
Why does age matter when having sex?
Why would you leave the beach on a bright sunny day?
Why is it important to have the Internet running at max speed in a law office?
Why does priest visit the prisoners?
Why is repayment of state and local government debt more likely to drain purchasing power from citizens in those areas?
Why is Elena kagan a moderate?
Why are antisocial activities increasing nowadays?
Why is wilberforce university closing?
Why are there so many citations for a case?
Why did they start opec?
Why is it important that a court have jurisdiction when hearing a case?
Why did the ADA law come into effect?
Why was the abington v schempp case important?
Why should agencies work within an enabling act?
Why are Mandatory Minimums good?
Why do you think that more people are attracted in the government service?
Why are regulations important?
Why do people want to reform campaign finance laws?
Why are committees created in the legislature?
Why has nationalized heatlhcare never materialized in the US?
Why is the trademark law important?
Why are strikes good?
Why is your m1 visa extension taking so long?
Why do courts hate default?
Why did Britan needed money to help cover the cost of defending the colonist?
Why is framing an issue so important to an attorney?
Why are troops given diplomatic immunity?
Why should the Clean Air Act be a federal mandate?
Why are police uniforms blue?
Why do you have a mix of your mother and father characteristics?
Why did it need to be passed?
Why do Americans continue to allow the FDA to keep allowing companies to poison your food supply?
Why do jurors use numbers instead of their names?
Why did equity replace common law?
Why is judical review an important precedent?
Why have most foreign journalists been barred from Syria?
Why can legal research become frustrating?
Why is the rate of imprisonment of black males greater than that of white males?
Why do homeless people not have human rights?
Why was the equality act 2010 put into place?
Why does it matter whether land is registered or unregistered?
Why is section 4 of the land Act very important in Tanzania?
Why is it more important for judges to base their decisions on the Constitution rather than Majority Rule?
Why is a dying declaration admissible?
Why should you have a dispute settled through mediation rather than going to court?
Why would someone be arrested for something that was unknown to have happened?
Why are the videos on Robert Hyams blocked?
Why should honour killings be justified in court?
Why should honour killings not be justified in court?
Why is the statute of westminister important in Canadian law?
Why was America ruled?
Why would spouse want to be on title and not the mortgage in New Jersey?
Why did you receive a us treasury 312 payment?
Why was francisc vasquez was well known?
Why has the supreme court play such an important role in civil liberty cases?
Why do new laws need to be acceptable to your community?
Why does common law predated statute law in the English systems of law?
Why is called TD bank of America when TD stands for Toronto Dominion?
Why is manipur so much in tense?
Why is it important for members of Congress to spend a considerable amount of their time on casework?
Why would a biological sample be taken from an individual?
Why is cctv better than community policing?
Why is community policing better than cctv?
Why is municipality needed in India?
Why is English Common Law referred to as a Living Law?
Why did the 18 amendment had to be written?
Why was the legislation made?
Why do people make up prejudices?
Why is the unsc bad?
Why is it illegal to sexually assault somebody?
Why can i not get copies of my mental health records in sc?
Why is there an odd number of justices for Indiana?
Why are ignorant people so judgemental?
Why do you use me lord in Court procedures?
Why do you read law?
Why does a not guilty verdict show on a CRB check?
Why did lydia cacho ribeiro want to become a reporter?
Why was the school bus stopping law made?
Why is prositution not legalize?
Why do essays have to be uniformly formatted?
Why do judges gowns have pockets at the back?
Why was third afghan war was fought in 1919?
Why are checks and balances essential to the Executive Branch?
Why did someone come up with segregation in the 1800s?
Why did the founders feel there were only 3 requirments necessary?
Why was the 1988 murder of Wisconsin female Chris Paul never successfuly prosecuted?
Why did each state needed to write its own constitution?
Why should Dollree Mapp go free according to the Court?
Why does the legal system catch and release felons?
Why did the US go to war with Spain before World War 1?
Why cant the police stop the drug wars in Mexico?
Why is it illegal to hunt whales in oklahma?
Why would someone break into your house and not take anything?
Why is it bad that corporations have first amendment rights?
Why is probaility important?
Why is Iowa the first primary state?
Why is wikipedia shut down?
Why do the incas have one tax to do?
Why is the drinking age 18 in Manitoba?
Why is it important that all people be allowed the laws?
Why are ferrets illegal in Hawaii?
Why do you have to respect the national anthem?
Why should you not break the law?
Why has megaupload the website being seized by the FBI?
Why did lynching stop?
Why is edward baker considered a famous speaker?
Why did plant breeders do not believe in Mendel experiment?
Why is the federal reserve NOT publicly audited?
Why were the southerners against recontruton laws?
Why does North American Pipe have such a high turn over in their customer service department?
Why would someone spend billions of dollars to create fake fossils?
Why should the 2nd chance DUI law be passed?
Why do employees join union?
Why are spanners round?
Why dont people get a chance to vote in the act of sopa pipa and acta?
Why would someone take a picture of my house while driving by?
Why would a mother call the police on her own daughter and allow her grandchild to go to cps custody?
Why do different courts have different types of jurisdiction?
Why is precedent so important in all case law developments?
Why is it important that the judicial system maintain an appearance of propriety?
Why do criminals do crimes?
Why does the snake have 8 pieces not 13 in the join or die post?
Why was tenant farming also known as sharecropping developed?
Why was communism feared?
Why do most countries have mixed economies?
Why do people do animal tests?
Why did Lisa Michelle Lambert kill laurie show?
Why do you go to church on Sunday?
Why do we have three branches of government?
Why was money created?
Why were governments formed?
Why are so many pictures date June 24 1924 by the Chicago portrait co?
Why was Jamestown important?
Why did they use tanks in World War 1?
Why are you held in jail when there is a law saying you are inocent uuntil proven guilty in the court of law?
Why is black market illegal?
Why does the law change?
Why do you want to work this company?
Why are hospitals exempt from antitrust laws?
Why do you have veterans day?
Why does the eagle hold the olive branch in his right claw?
Why did Mexican immigrants come to the US?
Why is the Necessary and Proper Clause also referred to as the Elastic Clause?
Why do children work?
Why is congress given investigatory powers?
Why do you have juries?
Why do you have money?
Why did the EU start?
Why was the battle of Normandy so important?
Why does congress use committees?
Why is the legal age to play lottery 18?
Why is treason the only crime defined in the constitution?
Why was the EU founded?
Why are judges appointed instead of elected?
Why did New Hampshire settle?
Why is a sexual assault charged considered a sex offender?
Why was the outcome so important in the scopes monkey trial?
Why is child porn bad?
Why are there staggered terms of office in senate?
Why did massachusetts bay colonists settle connecticut and new hampshire?
Why did the proclamation anger the colonists?
Why did the supreme court extend the commerce clause to include a wide range of economic activities?
Why is a federal judge appointed for life?
Why were the Anti Federalists against the constitution?
Why was segregation started?
Why is crack illegal?
Why did Hitler go to prision?
Why did Federalists favor ratification of the Constitution?
Why do people become homeless?
Why are the houses of Congress divided into standing committees?
Why did the framers define treason in the constitution?
Why is NAACP important?
Why do men get sexual excited watching porn?
Why is there 12 people in a jury?
Why are there two chambers of congress?
Why was the Democratic Party established?
Why are some states called commonwealths?
Why are there 12 people on a jury?
Why is immigration illegal?
Why are procedures important?
Why do barristers wear wigs?
Why would you want to?
Why do the government regulate some of the business systems in your country?
Why is crime so bad now?
Why is downloadingROMs illegal?
Why are some people just plain stupid?
Why does the cia have more freedom of action than other federal agencies?
Why were the colonists angry about the sugar act?
Why did women wont the same rights as men?
Why did people join the Continental Army?
Why is the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment important?
Why is ti called this and to whom is awarded?
Why is killing bad?
Why were the courts of appeals created?
Why is condoleezza rice famous?
Why are federal judges given life terms?
Why do you have amendments?
Why did electoral college was established by the Constitutional Convention?
Why do dogs bark at each other?
Why was the amendments created?
Why is the senate referred to as the upper house?
Why did hulk hogan get a divorce?
Why was seperation of powers created?
Why did the settlers choose New Hampshire?
Why did Britain try to close the area west of the Appalachians to settlement in 1763?
Why do british judges wear wigs?
Why is slavery still happening?
Why did Fred korematsu sue the US?
Why was the electoral college system set up so that electors from any given state must vot for at least one who is not from their state?
Why is it said that the relationship between price and quantity supplied is direct?
Why do you have bicameral legislature?
Why were colonists angry about the Stamp Act?
Why do young people use marijuana?
Why did Americans oppose the Alien sedation acts?
Why does it matter what committee a bill is sent to?
Why did Florida join the union?
Why was the Data protection act introduced?
Why do judges wear wigs?
Why was heavy funding needed to enforce the volstead act?
Why was the scopes trial significant?
Why do people go to small claims courts?
Why did marcos declare martial law?
Why was the Albany plan of union important?
Why do credit aganice but deleted reports back on file?
Why should whaling be illegal?
Why is the judicial branch important?
Why did shays rebellion start?
Why was president Johnson impreached?
Why did they signed the treaty of waitangi?
Why would she do that?
Why did the police force start?
Why are health and safety checks needed?
Why is the rule of law so important?
Why did the 11 states secede?
Why is Washington DC not a state?
Why was mrkennedy in jail?
Why is a fifteen year old looking for sex?
Why is China still communist?
Why do wages and salaries have differences?
Why does your father beat you?
Why was Australia involved in East Timor?
Why is BitTorrent illegal?
Why are people in jail?
Why does the constitution carefully define treason?
Why is it normal to be nervous at the start of a speech?
Why is being a lawyer interesting?
Why did Dave Pelzers mom abuse him?
Why was North Carolina colonized?
Why would government officials deport someone?
Why are the different versions of the incorporation doctrine so important for the rights of privacy and due process?
Why was the 18th amendment overturned?
Why is separation of powers important?
Why are police cars black and white?
Why were the articles weak?
Why does a country need laws?
Why was there a need for migrant workers then?
Why is crime so bad?
Why is military rule better than civilian government?
Why did john Adams have several journalists arrested for breaking what act?
Why did the German people support Hitler?
Why did Zachary Taylor become president?
Why did the settlers choose to settle in New Jersey?
Why is Tobacco unsafe?
Why do you think that many people today feel that the electoral college has long since become antiquated or completely unnecessary?
Why might repeatedly forgiving copayments?
Why was gerrymandering effective?
Why was the 8th amendment needed?
Why did George Washington promote formality in his administration?
Why are laws important in society?
Why did corporal punishment start?
Why is courtesy important?
Why are switch blades illegal?
Why do you need laws in society?
Why is the American system of government an example of federalism?
Why was JohnfKennedy assassinated?
Why do some states have more electoral votes than others?
Why are there more members of the House than the Senate?
Why can dieting be unhealthy for teens?
Why is a toxicology report an important component of an autopsy?
Why is local government important?
Why is serving on a jury important?
Why is the senate divided into classes?
Why did colonists protest the proclamation of 1763?
Why is an estate summoned?
Why is Mexico important?
Why is Washinton Dc a special city?
Why do you have passports?
Why is the electoral college a winner take all system?
Why would you let your loved ones?
Why has the louisiana constitution been rewritten so many times?
Why is using an active x control considered a security risk?
Why do people leave there mom and dad when school starts?
Why is the state immune from suit?
Why did thurgood marshall retire?
Why were uniforms made?
Why do citizens have duties along with rights?
Why does Marth only speak Japanesee in brawl?
Why is the ideal of equal justice difficult to achieve?
Why does the legislative branch declare war?
Why is amending the constitution difficult?
Why was the 7th amendment created?
Why does government regulate business?
Why is Israel building a wall on the west bank of the Jordan River?
Why was the amendment added to spell out exactly how presidential succession should be handled?
Why is the presumption of innocence such an important principle in your legal system?
Why do you have Senators?
Why was king khufu important?
Why does a child have more bones than an adult?
Why is electoral college important?
Why was the colony of New Hampshire established?
Why was the fifteenth amendment adopted?
Why are suppliers of military equipment exempt from antitrust?
Why do district courts use a jury?
Why did the farmers of the constitution want to form a more perfect union?
Why do you have jury duty?
Why does congress declare war?
Why are some people sexist?
Why is weed legal in Amsterdam?
Why is DC a special city?
Why is confidentiality and data protection important?
Why was J Edgar Hoover famous?
Why did the colonists oppose the Townshend act?
Why did hitlar hate each group during the holocast?
Why does the CIA have more freedom of action than any other federal agencies?
Why was hamilton a successful secretary of the treasury?
Why do so few bills become law?
Why would an adult become a ward of the state?
Why should you obey the law?
Why do you need to obey the law?
Why did obama pick his attorney general?
Why is senate called the upper house?
Why should the war continue?
Why is the 22 amendment important?
Why did many tejanos support the revolt?
Why was Mary queen of scotts executed?
Why is the FDIC important?
Why should marijuannna be legalized?
Why have most of the large countries in the world adopt a federal form of government?
Why did cornwallis retreat north to virginia?
Why did the espionage and sedition acts affect freedom of speech?
Why was Oregon named Oregon?
Why does the legislative branch have two houses?
Why did the taliban start?
Why did parliament create the townshend acts?
Why was it important to his case?
Why did Antifederalists oppose ratification of the Constitution?
Why is the committee chairman important?
Why is the 13 amendment important?
Why can a person be placed in quarantine without their consent?
Why did you put this website on the internets?
Why do you have fbo on a check?
Why do district courts have original jurisdiction in most federal cases?
Why would too much alcohol kill you?
Why is the senate called upper house?
Why was swearing invented?
Why is it important to study civics?
Why was the Virginia plan important?
Why do the colonists feel a need to proclaim to the world their reasons for declaring independence?
Why were child labor laws created?
Why do men treat women like slaves?
Why did the antifederalist oppose ratification of the Constitution?
Why is pretrial detention permitted in the US when there is supposed to be a presumption of innocence?
Why is making moonshine illegal?
Why is capital punishment such a contentious issue?
Why is hookes law important?
Why did polygamy become illegal in the US?
Why was the FOIA started?
Why would someone become an anarchist?
Why is DARE important?
Why is the amendment so important?
Why is confidentiality important in schools?
Why is the amendment processed so important to your country?
Why did they come up with the first amendment of the constitution?
Why is important the second amendment of the US Constitution?
Why is amendment 5 important?
Why does congress favor categorical grants?
Why is shool uniforms bad and good for people?
Why was the Department of Justice created?
Why is the establishment clause important?
Why do you vomit after drinking?
Why did bush declare war?
Why is loitering bad?
Why is confidentiality an important aspect of HIV testing?
Why are you seeking employment at this time?
Why was guy Fawkes guilty?
Why is it important to obey the law?
Why do you think it is the most important Which do you feel has been most broadly interpreted Why do you think this amendme?
Why was the Waitangi treaty signed?
Why is sex discrimination act important in a workplace?
Why did jayne torvill adopt?
Why are you not pregnant if your boyfriend has came into you?
Why was the first amendment liberties so important to the US?
Why is congress called the branch of government closest to the people?
Why were many northern merchants against the idea of declaring war on Britain?
Why did you just type this?
Why is the freedom tower famous?
Why do people kill eagles?
Why is security for secret ballots necessary?
Why was Socrates brought to trial?
Why was the third amendment important to the writers of the constitution?
Why is Dred Scott so important?
Why do most bills fail to become laws?
Why is amendment 17 important?
Why did Florida want to join the union?
Why was peter zenger important?
Why are some people opposed to the Electoral College system?
Why is tobacco advertising banned?
Why did divisions emerge within the abolitionist movement?
Why are precinct and ward party leaders important?
Why is investment important?
Why should guns be legal?
Why do you need laws and rules?
Why did colonial legislatures oppose the Albany Plan of Union?
Why did the Dred Scott Decision happen?
Why is the 5 amendment the most important?
Why are secuirty procedures important?
Why is a panel of judges used for appellate cases?
Why is it illegal to copy or download music?
Why were the Espionage Act and Sedition Act passed?
Why is appropriate for members of congress to make it a matter of public knowledge the way they vote on laws and issues brought before congress?
Why are the democrats and republicans the two major parties?
Why are patents important?
Why is the Virginia plan better than the New Jersey plan?
Why do people shoot deer?
Why is it appropriate for members of congress to make it a matter of public knowledgethe way they vote on laws and issues brought before congress?
Why is the legal drinking age in Germany so young?
Why is Gloria estefan important?
Why is hierarchy important?
Why were appellate courts created?
Why are bills of attainder and ex post facto laws forbidden?
Why is piracy illegal?
Why do people lobby?
Why do most bills die?
Why is the US Constitution valuable in American history?
Why is it important to follow direction?
Why can a person sometimes feel very loud music?
Why do students take tests?
Why did you choose a call center?
Why is the petition of right important?
Why has Georgia had so many different constitutions?
Why was gerrymandering unfair?
Why was the thirteen amendment important to this country?
Why is it important to be a US citizen?
Why was the commission of Human Rights significant?
Why is the conference committee so powerful?
Why was it a disadvantage to hire mercenaries to fight in the Roman army?
Why were Northerners outraged by the Dred Scott decision?
Why is smoking illegal?
Why was the libertarian party formed?
Why did the Netherlands come to America?
Why is it wrong to commit a crime?
Why were modern democracies developed?
Why does the Constitution specifically define treason?
Why is bail set?
Why are judges important to your society?
Why is Mexican immigration and labor a controversial topic?
Why do some people agree with euthanasia?
Why was the cia started?
Why did President Nixon engage in the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks?
Why does the rationale for federal antitrust and securities laws require the availability of both civil and criminal sanctions?
Why is zoning important?
Why is the jury system an important principle of democracy?
Why would your pin be suspended for unemployment benefits in Georgia?
Why would a sentence be imposed and stayed?
Why were people protesting against the Vietnam war?
Why is being a resident of the state from which the senator seeks election importnt?
Why cant the cdc force people to get a vaccine?
Why do Democrats support abortion?
Why is US called the free country if it has many laws?
Why is it wrong to commit crime?
Why does sally sell sea shells on the sea shore?
Why did hulk divorce?
Why did congress printed more currency?
Why is it important that the constitution be flexible?
Why did they wait a year after your crime to arrest you?
Why was the Interstate commerce act was passed?
Why was a system of checks and balances was put into the constitution and how the system works?
Why is low side pressure is to high and high side is to low?
Why did the US pass five neutrality laws in the 1930s?
Why was communism on human rights significant?
Why was the Communism on Human Rights Significant?
Why does the hotel industry discriminate?
Why are LAPD cars Black and White?
Why did mercantilism require a strong central government?
Why is the effectiveness of area organization important?
Why do cats follow you?
Why is every bill assigned to a committee in the House of Representatives?
Why have you chosen your career path?
Why do you think few national candidates spend time and money campaigning in California?
Why are labor unions exempt from antitrust laws?
Why was the fire safety and safety of places of sport act 1987 passed?
Why does California has the most electoral votes?
Why is it important for a civilization to have written laws?
Why are the islamists in Somalia fighting?
Why should laws apply equally and be public?
Why was black people hated in 1935?
Why does Dr King believe the Emancipation Proclamation failed?
Why were laws passed to enable black men to vote?
Why did they want to have war?
Why does the law take into consideration the level of intent in classifying a crime?
Why does the US have a federal system?
Why would a large media conglomerate shut down their news operations?
Why do they test athletes for drugs?
Why are speech and the press together?
Why do Judges wear robes?
Why was HIPAA established?
Why should there be curfews?
Why do you suppose there is a gap of time between election and inauguration?
Why are drug patents important?
Why do farmers grow coca plants?
Why are speech and the press together in the first amendment?
Why can it be said that the US district courts are the principal trial courts in the federal judiciary?
Why is precedent used in common law?
Why is shoplifting illegal?
Why does a country need a supreme law?
Why is opening and receiving mail from unknown people dangerous?
Why is it illegal for kids to have sex?
Why do communities need laws?
Why was the petition of rights written?
Why is race said to be socially constructed?
Why is a study of business law important to you as a citizen of Pakistan?
Why is gerrymandering a partisan affair?
Why should you read user agreement before commiting to it?
Why was the human rights act created?
Why is the Capitol Building the engine in your government?
Why do illegal immigrants come to Australia?
Why did the Romanovs enacte strict laws to prevent peasants from running away?
Why is the Scopes trial significant?
Why is the fdic still important?
Why do you think President Lincoln waited for a Union victory before announcing the Emancipation Proclamation?
Why cant an offeror revoke an offer for a unilateral contract once an offeree has begun performance?
Why does your government collect taxes?
Why did you chose call center?
Why are you proud of your country?
Why do you think the Founders so carefully defined and limited the act of treason?
Why are you interested in a career with the federal judiciary?
Why was a speedy public trial important?
Why should an individual study ethics?
Why does government collect tax?
Why should alcohol be prohibited?
Why was it easier for the government to pass laws about working hours than about wages?
Why are lobbyists criticized?
Why is it illegal to sell meteors that land in Australia to overseas people?
Why do governments make laws about the use of chemicals that are known to be mutagens?
Why is whashington dc a special city?
Why was slavery important to the north?
Why are members of congress relctant to pass laws that give them new benefits or higher pay?
Why did Wilberforce originally decide to become an MP?
Why do you suppose so many people have been arrested?
Why does the government regulate some of the business systems in our country?
Why does it make sense for the supreme court to serve as the final court of appeals in state and federal systems?
Why is the Supreme Court called the final court of appeal?
Why werent schools in all regions desegregated immediately after the brown 2 decision?
Why are the rights protected by the first amendment significant?
Why should athletes be tested for drugs?
Why are guns illegal?
Why are interest groups especially numerous in the US?
Why was the longbow superior to the crossbow?
Why did Marie beuzeville byles become the first woman solicitor in new south whales?
Why is it important to make the constitution an eduring document?
Why did some Clinton suppoerters want to censure him during his impeachment?
Why is the term of a representative so short?
Why is the issue of taxes so important to people?
Why was congress given investigatory powers?
Why was Charles law necessary?
Why is patent important?
Why do two parties involved need to sign the written business agreement?
Why is it so hard to make a bill into a law?
Why is constitution needed in a country?
Why does Jack throw meet at Simon?
Why do you look up to victor chang?
Why did the framers of the constitution make amending the constitution so difficult?
Why is the issue of taxes so important?
Why was freedom of press included in the bill of rights?
Why do we need a constitution?
Why are illegal immigrants good?
Why are trials by the jury so important?
Why do you think that the nature of handling criminal cases involving sex crimes often times requires much more sensitivity during the course of an investigation than other crimes?
Why was the dred scot dicision important?
Why do you allow administrative agencies to create laws when they are not elected officials?
Why do presidents rely on the white house staff?
Why was the data protection act needed?
Why do the courts prohibit allowing political debate possible in the US?
Why might a boycott be a good way to protest a law or other action that they do not like?
Why are there 6 person juries?
Why do peddlers sell items from a box?
Why does a case go to federal jurisdiction?
Why cant public figures collect damages for libel or slander?
Why was social security ceated?
Why were the city Government corrupt?
Why do dogs bark at everything?
Why does the government regulate some of the system in your counrty?
Why do people on Welfare get tax returns?
Why was the townshend acts inportant?
Why do some states have regulatory laws for weight of truck loads?
Why does the UK hold elections?
Why is poverty a major concern?
Why should gambling be legal?
Why did the byzantine empire leave the catholic church?
Why were colonists angered about the proclamation of 1763?
Why does the US have 2 chambers in Congress?
Why would a child support case be dismissed?
Why was the new deal nicknamed alphabet soup?
Why did John T Scopes go on trial?
Why do you think it is necessary to protect the charter by law?
Why are there 12 jurors on a jury?
Why did Wu Zhenmu dread the sight of an imperial agent?
Why was the declaration of independece a revolutionary document?
Why did men get to vote not women?
Why is downloading songs harmful for music industry?
Why was the Code Napoleon significant?
Why are bb guns illegal in Australia?
Why did they start the NAACP?
Why do drugs have legal classes?
Why is the treaty of waitangi important to new zealanders?
Why cant a girl impersonte boy george in the UK?
Why do you need a data protection act?
Why was the law of the indies put into effect?
Why did the spoil system weaken the effectiveness of government?
Why should sexual and violent songs be banned from the radio and television?
Why were the Virginia plan and New Jersey plan boyh incorporated in the compromise of the Connecticut plan?
Why did student activism receive so much media attention?
Why is it necessary to have different levels of jurisdiction?
Why was the system of federalism created?
Why did congress pass a selective act?
Why did they add under god to the pledge?
Why is bribery wrong?
Why was the social security act important?
Why do you have to be 18 to buy spray paint?
Why is the court system arranded in a pyramidal shape?
Why is EPA important?
Why is there a need for the EPA?
Why does the house represent the people?
Why is riot bad?
Why did women not vote?
Why was the scopes trial important?
Why is abortion legal in America?
Why was it signed treaty of waitangi?
Why is murder a felony?
Why is it bad for teens to have sex?
Why was the Fair labor Standards act of 1938 enacted?
Why did the Britain create the proclamation of 1763?
Why is the statute of limitation in CA on felony fraud?
Why is the bill sent to a standing committee?
Why is some conduct considered unlawful?
Why is condoleezza rice famous for?
Why does homicide have the highest clearance rate?
Why is civil law important?
Why are most countys economies mixed?
Why would enslaved African Americans be inspired by the biblical story of Moses?
Why is it important for citizens to show up when called for jury duty?
Why was davina Chapman arrested?
Why did the fdic start?
Why is FDIC important?
Why is detention point less?
Why do people not always agree with the status quo?
Why are professional baseball exempt from antitrust laws?
Why were women treated differently?
Why did congress write new laws about big business?
Why are the different versions of the incorporation doctrine so important for the rights of privacy and due process?
Why do bad people kill you?
Why does euthanasia cause so much debate?
Why do countries still have the death penalty?
Why was employment law created?
Why is independent government administration is essential to democracy?
Why is downey aslyum haunted?
Why are people agreeing with open carry?
Why was Kennedy unable to accomplish much of his legislative agenda?
Why do states grant charters to corporations?
Why is the ideal of equal justice difficult to acheive?
Why should people be against eminent domain?
Why does the government collect taxs?
Why do some people question the wisdom of electing state court judges?
Why would you take your case to a small claims court?
Why is it illegal to fake your death?
Why is district residency not required for candidates for US Congress?
Why is china called a non demacratic country?
Why did they build the capitol?
Why is there a legal sex age?
Why does the government need to collect?
Why did Terry McVeigh bomb Oklahoma?
Why has stare decisis been so fundamental to the development of your legal tradition?
Why have a bicameral legislature?
Why does malle are the only allowed to enter the tavern?
Why do presidents nominate judges who share their views?
Why should a health information manager posses a fundamental understanding of the law?
Why are there laws against shoplifting?
Why is it that the Becerra Law of 1888 was unique and far different from the other Labor group?
Why are laws and regulations important?
Why did queen vitoria make children work?
Why has The American Revolution been important in world history?
Why should one wear the correct swim attire?
Why are illegal ailens not wanted into the US?
Why is the importance of having a written law code?
Why do some people have middle names?
Why did Cornwallis have to surrender at york town?
Why are people against g20?
Why do you think it was important to write the laws?
Why did English pass Declaratory Act?
Why is law needed?
Why was alcohol illegal in the 1920s?
Why did the farmer require two witnesses during treason?
Why is it important to have a republian government?
Why is it necessary for humans to eat fat?
Why is the church ignore the reproductive health bill?
Why did some states secede?
Why is justice important to you?
Why did mexico pass such a restrictive law in april 6 1830?
Why is the senate divided into three classes?
Why did the town leaders of Dayton push Scopes to challenge the Tennessee law?
Why was the Albany Plan of Union important to the colonies?
Why are trial judges able to shape policy?
Why do a statue is covered its eyes with black cloth in Indian courts?
Why would a court order be required in the case of substance abuse records rather than a subpoena duces tecum?
Why is there illegal immigration in the world?
Why is criminal law based in statutes and not common law?
Why is it illegal to say bomb on a plane?
Why were colonist upset with their country?
Why dont third parties have more supporyt?
Why was the 12 tables written?
Why did the war in afgan start in2001?
Why is Australia democracy?
Why did Hitler want the war?
Why is knife crime and gang culture a problme?
Why did great Britain enact the sugar act stamp act declaratory act and townsend acts and why did colonists oppose these?
Why did jem cry when he got home?
Why should smoking be banned 3 reasons?
Why was February chosen for the black history?
Why was a law to amend the act of 1938 change the day of the celrbration to vetrean?
Why is the us court of federal claims necessary?
Why was the dred Scott decision importnat?
Why dothe laws in Canmada change?
Why was the cat and mouse act introduced?
Why is the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit considered the second most powerful federal court?
Why is prank calling bad?
Why were there colored waiting rooms?
Why is it presumption of innocence such as important principle in your legal system?
Why are Americas rules of evidence more strict?
Why did British pass the proclamation law?
Why did lilwayne goto jail?
Why did the puritians phave so many laws to follow?
Why did television become a nice fit into American culture in the 1950s?
Why doll face killed?
Why is it important to treat people fairly?
Why is it important to have freedom of religion and protect the rights of minorites?
Why is the monkey trial important?
Why did people who supported segregation want Supreme Court Justice Earl Warren to be removed from his position?
Why do you think someone would want to become a Canadian citizen?
Why would a person take this case to civil court?
Why would companies factories and refrigerator companies be affected if fluorocarbons were banned?
Why were juries in Athens designed to have an odd number of members?
Why is frostwire legall?
Why is law making function of congress essential to democracy?
Why do you want to work in Korea embassy?
Why did Supreme Court extend the commerce clause to include a wide range of economics activities?
Why is it important for the government for Macroeconomics Objectives?
Why was arthur radley sent to the state industrial school?
Why should abortion be legal?
Why did nationalist activity in India increase dramatically after the end of World War 1?
Why is the electoral college called a winner take all system?
Why does the US have separate state and federal court systems?
Why did the legislative assembly end?
Why should women know about the equal pay act of 1963?
Why might a person be proud to be a roman citizen?
Why did shays rebellion worry Americans?
Why were the state and national governments powers limited?
Why cant a basenji dog bark?
Why are shield laws important?
Why do you know that the framers intended the president to have ordinace power?
Why do people become drug dealers?
Why is law enacted?
Why doesnt police response time result in a significant number of arrests?
Why do pregnant women or the elderly or doctors dentists chemists or members of parliament or sickly are excluded from being a jury?
Why should you banned smoking?
Why is tourism law is important?
Why were Sacco and Vanzetti found guilty?
Why are courts often involved in cases concerning eminent domain?
Why does the US have voter apathy?
Why do large companies have an advantage over small companies?
Why was the 25 amendment made?
Why is discovery such an important part of the pretrial process?
Why did some clinton supporters want censure him during his impeachment?
Why doesnt police reponse time result in a significant number of arrests?
Why is the house divided into three classes?
Why is it important to have a powerful government?
Why has it become necessary to amend the law on drug trafficing?
Why are so many of the courts in the federal judiciary established as appellate courts?
Why are laws important in America?
Why is the issue knife crime important nationally?
Why would a finance company charge off on a morgage loan when they have the deed why would they not foreclose on it instead?
