Why do people continue to be devoted to their religions in this age of science?
Why are mosques always lit up in green?
Why do some people get obsessed with religion?
Why is freedom of association important?
Why do we die and not just live forever?
Why is samskara important?
Why is it so hard for me to believe in god?
Why do dying people see their loved ones who departed before?
Why are sacred texts important?
Why do they burn incense at funerals?
Why was Henry McNeal turner so important?
Why do people believe God is real?
Why do you always develop romantic feelings for your boss?
Why is symbolize spelled with an s and not a z?
Why are prophets important to religions?
Why are parishioners called the flock?
Why are festivals so important?
Why did God make homosexuals?
Why are cult groups considered to be outside of mainstream churches?
Why do people keep the first day of the week for worship of God and are they really worshiping the Sun god?
Why was animism created?
Why do some people blindly follow unseen powers such as God or angels and perform horrible acts in their names?
Why do people enter premarital sex?
Why do people reject other ideas and beliefs?
Why do people deny the existence of God?
Why do holy buildings help worshippers?
Why is prayer important to all religions?
Why do you study Religion Education?
Why is Catholicism the major religion in South American countries?
Why did Jesus not write?
Why do christians hate Muslims?
Why is having faith essentially a human act?
Why should you question everything?
Why is the sanctuary most important area in church?
Why do pagans believe in nature based religions?
Why are commandments important in religion?
Why was the battle at Yarmuk in 636 significant?
Why was rural to urban migration essential to industrialization?
Why do shia pray on th turba?
Why did mankind invent religion?
Why are lutheran church doors painted red?
Why do humans suffer?
Why are some races more subversive than others?
Why is a Totem very important?
Why is green used in the church?
Why are humans the peak of creation?
Why do people put flowers over graves?
Why does god sometimes take human form?
Why are you not a Christian?
Why did the Puritans want to create a city upon a hill?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
Why was religion so important to the Puritans?
Why do you go to mass?
Why does the day of the dead take place in November?
Why is there death around the world if people say god is a good being?
Why are there different designs of crosses?
Why am i finding black feathers?
Why does god make the young die?
Why is absolutism a helpful rule?
Why is earth dying?
Why is mabus called antichrist?
Why do people have a wake viewing?
Why does the man who loves God never lose hope?
Why was archbishop trevor huddleston succesfull what did he achive?
Why are people searching for the meaning of life?
Why does religion exist?
Why are eagles always associated with the prophetic ministries?
Why did Asian countries have different religions?
Why are pyramids so important to Egypt?
Why would we need a god?
Why should we believe that God is a loving God when He put man on the same planet with Satan knowing full well the pain and suffering it would cause?
Why do churches have spires?
Why did Pharaoh want to make the Hebrew people slaves?
Why does everyone get so disturbed about Biblical events?
Why is Angel Gabriel so popular?
Why do small house churches never get donations?
Why are people good and bad?
Why do you suffer?
Why do people suffer?
Why are holy books so special in a religious community?
Why do I have dreams about hell?
Why does something else fall apart when something good happens?
Why do religions experience persecution?
Why does St Joseph need to be buried upside down to help sell a house?
Why do you put flowers on graves?
Why do people have a lot of despair even though they feel the presence of God?
Why are religious messengers mostly male?
Why is church a formal organization?
Why was the Edict of Milan significant?
Why would a country that represents God even go to war against the people of Abraham?
Why would the people of Abraham provoke a country that represents god, if the are possibly the disciples?
Why do bad things happen?
Why do you call God God?
Why are you worshipping different gods?
Why do religions have festivals and celebrations?
Why is mecca so important to Muslim people?
Why do intelligent people still believe in supernatural beings like fairies and gods?
Why do some religions believe in snake handling?
Why is religion so important to the ancient Egyptians?
Why did the US Supreme Court ban prayer from public school?
Why do cultures have rituals?
Why are humans alive?
Why do young Muslims do this when the prophet said seek work?
Why is a lion and skull often found in St Jerome paintings?
Why is it important to believe in god or gods?
Why is celibacy a gift?
Why are people unenlightened?
Why is going to war not right?
Why do Goths follow this sort of fashion and style of life?
Why do you exist?
Why was the rainbow used as a covenant to Noah from God?
Why did God create the earth?
Why did God create us?
Why is the theological virtue charity important?
Why has the symbol of the eight fold path been chosen?
Why do the Sikhs respect the guru Grunth Sabib?
Why do Christians respect Bible and Muslims respect Quaran?
Why can I hear myself speak inside my head?
Why does Lucifer who is the Devil hate God?
Why should a person pray?
Why are there national holidays for Christian and Jewish faiths but not for the Muslim faith when it is the third most followed religion in the US?
Why are trees decorated at Christmas?
Why do people choose to be Buddhist?
Why do we need religion?
Why did the Romans execute Jesus?
Why is Niyat important to Muslims?
Why are there so many Liturgical Laws?
Why do people commit murder?
Why do people worship false gods?
Why is religion everywhere?
Why is Deism growing faster than other major religions?
Why is there such turmoil in the world of God?
Why does God seem to be annoyed at me?
Why does God seem annoyed at me?
Why do people chant?
Why are there so few Quaker followers?
Why is war controversial?
Why did Christianity change the Jewish food laws?
Why do religions have symbols?
Why are you dying?
Why does television always presents religious people as out of touch with the modern world?
Why is Jesus the key figure of Christianity?
Why is gambling a sin?
Why do religious fundamentalists object to the Big Bang?
Why do people need to believe in some kind of religion?
Why do religious people eat pork if in Deuteronomy chapter 14 verse 8 says thou shall not eat of the swine nor shall you touch its dead carcasses?
Why do people follow religion?
Why do religions continue to exist in the world and what purposes do they serve?
Why does God created disable people and poor?
Why do things end?
Why are cocoa beans used in a rosary?
Why do you have to learn philosophy of religion?
Why was Randy Morrison divorced?
Why is Ariel mad at me?
Why is it difficult for many teens to have hope in God?
Why does God make people suffer?
Why should you go to mass?
Why do humans mostly feel and think as if they are just of the flesh and not of their true life spirit?
Why are people so evil?
Why did people in the 16th century believe in witches?
Why are we here and are we used as some sort of lab experiment?
Why did Guru Teg Bahadur sacrifice his life for the Hindus when Sikhism does not encourage the practice of Hindus?
Why did they sign the mayflower compact?
Why do old people get treated differently?
Why does it feel like everyone knows everything about me?
Why do you need to study theology?
Why are Christian denominations a good idea?
Why do so many believe in religious stories when half of them are impossible?
Why does the bible say to forgive 70 times 7 times a day?
Why is moses remembered?
Why is the water of the Ganga river considered to be holy?
Why are people so mean to Mormons?
Why do you keep thinking theres got to be more to life than just this like this just cant be it?
Why is there a religion?
Why does other Muslims do not wear underwear?
Why is body piercing against peoples religions?
Why is the bible so contradicting?
Why is poverty so important?
Why is art used in chapel?
Why do people believe in God in the 21st century?
Why were we created only to suffer and die?
Why did the Us help Cuba during the Cuban missile crisis?
Why did Spain have the inquisition?
Why does hell exist?
Why do you think faith is growing so fast in the world today?
Why is first aid important at sporting events?
Why is heavn in the sky?
Why did God create Satan?
Why are people ok with the concept of hell?
Why is sin affects to man?
Why is God God?
Why do people keep asking questions about life?
Why did God make black people?
Why is a Gay relationship not well accepted and regarded by many people and specially religious that is pastors priests etc as something bad?
Why is it important to be a good person?
Why are there so many problems or obstacles in my house if my children and I try to live a normal life?
Why is it important to get married?
Why do all cemetery stones face east and west?
Why do you sometimes find small black feathers in your apartment?
Why do people go on a pilgramage?
Why do the Chinese celebrate the Chinese new year?
Why does the Bible use she for wisdom?
Why do people have large families?
Why do people not practice their religion?
Why are flowers put on graves?
Why were people willing to die for their religion in sixteenth century?
Why are you important to God?
Why is this religion true?
Why do people do on pilgrimages?
Why is it that when you try to get closer to God the harder life gets?
Why did god gave us a new commandment?
Why have people hoped for a messiah throughout history?
Why do people believe in different things than others?
Why should you bow your head and close your eyes to pray?
Why does a crucifix have a skull and cross bones at the Lords feet?
Why are so many people in Albuquerque NM accepting of gay people and also have so many?
Why is this world losing its moral fiber?
Why is December 25th used frequently in religion?
Why do people believe in God?
Why is life so hard sometimes?
Why are children buried in white coffins?
Why do Muslims and Jews fight?
Why are dragons important in Asian culture?
Why is God special?
Why are most of the religions in Indiana Protestant Christians?
Why do people burry a loved one in a graveyard?
Why does TBS not have closed caption?
Why do christians and others hate Muslims?
Why is law and justice important?
Why did Jesus Christ commit suicide and why did God commit violence by sending his own son to be brutally tortured and killed?
Why are art and technology considered a basic institutions for all cultures?
Why might a religious believer agree or disagree with the following to get things done or changed means you have to fight?
Why is vatican city separate from Italy?
Why should you become spiritually fit?
Why should Muslims be circumcised?
Why is it that every discussion pertaining to god laughable?
Why do some claim Quran includes some verses calling for killing the infidels?
Why do people use Muslim names?
Why do popes kill people on purpose?
Why was freedom of religion so important to the founders?
Why are there so many different colour pyhsical appearances and sizes of the human race we have found maximum evidences of early man in Africa have we been exiled banished from other planets?
Why did nietszche said that god is?
Why is The aboriginal dreaming is the past the present and the future?
Why do monastics shave they heads?
Why was the US flag changed between 1795 and 1818?
Why is the devil called the father of lies?
Why do so many people follow the Jewish religion?
Why does God want us to be dependent on Him in stead of looking after ourselves?
Why did the Roman leaders punish the Christians and Jews and forced them out of the Holy Land?
Why do people become evil?
Why were the Salem witch trials allowed to happen?
Why do people have so many religions?
Why do you ask?
Why do people always insist on forcing their morals upon others in their answers here?
Why were People interested in Jesus miracles and teachings but were undecided when it came to giving all of there lives to him?
Why do you have dreams with someone stabbing you in the eye with a knife and the pain is still there?
Why was ancient Egypt settled?
Why does the devil help me in my dreamsim not guilty of doing anything wrong or anything like that im an honest to the point guy any ideas?
Why did the Evangelist John Hagee divorce his first wife which is wrong biblically?
Why did king James have the bible translated into English?
Why did the puritans come to massachusetts?
Why is Katie so special?
Why do you have collective rights?
Why is reincarnation bad?
Why do people oppose Muslim mosques?
Why do Indians have more than one god?
Why do some want disarmament?
Why did Jesus embrace material poverty?
Why was the tribe of manasseh split in half?
Why do people exist?
Why is life so difficult?
Why should anyone care?
Why does God make disease?
Why is salt believed to repel demons and what are the origins of that belief?
Why did one church split from the catholics?
Why are so many people religious?
Why are some people religious and some not?
Why are there so many religions in the world?
Why do Muslims pray on Friday?
Why do some people feel child baptism wrong?
Why did Moses fast?
Why is it difficult to segregate religion from mans life?
Why do christians and Jews believe that it is important to make a commitment your religion on when you become an adult?
Why did Mary and Joseph go to Bethlehem?
Why is boys ranch so strict?
Why is evil evil?
Why do everyone differ each other?
Why do you forgive each other?
Why do Jewish kids get gifts on Hanukkah?
Why was Moses so popular?
Why does one believe god exist?
Why is religion such a major factor in culture?
Why are Aries more like Pisces?
Why does God exist?
Why does good always win over evil?
Why is it good to learn and appreciate the earth?
Why do people ask more of God rather than thanking him?
Why are we supposed to say the shema just before you die?
Why do Christians go to Lourdes?
Why do people go on pilgrimages?
Why cant god eat mms?
Why are people afraid of God?
Why did Bishop Joel Trout leave his church?
Why did God not kill the devil?
Why did Hitler want to create an Arian society?
Why do Jews fast?
Why did God create the world?
Why are incense burners used in churches?
Why is siddhartha unhappy?
Why do boys get circumcised?
Why do Rastafarians smoke marijuana?
Why do we use he for GOD why not she?
Why are humans different from each other?
Why is belief in life after death necessary?
Why do Jews and Muslims rock back and forth while praying?
Why do Muslims eat with right hand?
Why do Sikhs take off their shoes in a gurdwara?
Why is the population of atheists increasing?
Why is religion not important?
Why would you be given free will when Satan had and proved that it could lead to desertion from God?
Why is prayer in schools a violation of the first amendment?
Why did god invent profanity?
Why might people compare Biskupin with Pompeii?
Why do people think atheism is a religion?
Why is religion important to believers?
Why do christians hate witches?
Why are believers always right?
Why do you celebrate September 24?
Why does it take freedom to love?
Why should the church not just be used for worship?
Why do people believe in an angry god?
Why does one seek answers?
Why do belief systems develop?
Why did he destroy them?
Why do nuns wear their ring on their right hand?
Why do some Christians hate Muslims?
Why do followers of many religions worship the sun?
Why do you abide by rules if god forgives everything?
Why did great civilizations believe in what we now consider myth?
Why were christian persecuted by the Romans?
Why is the church important in a christening?
Why was religion made?
Why do people migrate from a country to another?
Why is universalizing religion important?
Why is prayer not a waste of time?
Why do people think the Bible is full of true facts?
Why does god hate us so much?
Why is salat performed 5 times a day?
Why do some people believe in god?
Why do you need to know the regions?
Why has Epiphany been used for the wise men?
Why is there life?
Why does a Jewish mother determine your ethnicity if the father is not what if he black or hispanic or you decide your own religion?
Why did people settle in Rhode Island colony?
Why do so many people believe the world is only 4000 years old when science and common sense has proven otherwise?
Why do the Latin Americans wear masks?
Why did God make us?
Why is this in the farming section?
Why is this in the farming section?
Why were Prophets sent only to the Middle East?
Why did pregnant women in Italy carry mistletoe?
Why were you born?
Why is there Hell?
Why does evil and suffering cause problems for religious believers?
Why do you ask god for forgiveness?
Why is difficult to forgive?
Why do people wear turbans?
Why do many people believe in god?
Why should religions exist?
Why do people remember Buddha?
Why is the sun so important to all life on the earth?
Why did immigrant come to the United States?
Why are people jealous of others?
Why is the belief in God difficult for Science?
Why is your life hell?
Why do Japanese people bow?
Why do Priests wear robes?
Why were the Macedonians polytheistic?
Why are all religions wrong?
Why did the king Babylon praise the god Daneil?
Why would someone throw away an angel?
Why is religion important in a culture?
Why do humans celebrate war?
Why did many catholics leave England and settle in Maryland?
Why do people join a religion?
Why do Mexican people celebrate day of the dead?
Why is Satan feeling superior to god in Paradise lost?
Why do Muslims wear the white thing on their head?
Why do most people have faith that there is a god?
Why are you believing god?
Why does god love idiots?
Why is the blackman God?
Why do people get so worked up about god if he dose exist everthing about him would be so otherworldly and emensly different you could never understand it?
Why do teens go to hell?
Why is the concept of God so prevalent among so many people?
Why do Muslims pray toward Mecca?
Why do churches face east?
Why do girls moan louder than boys during sex?
Why does god hate the devil?
Why do men in hot countries wear white?
Why was religion so important to the ancient Romans?
Why did god give us feelings?
Why did Beowulf desire all glory?
Why was Jewish monotheism a significant development in the religious history of early civilization?
Why do you never see priests out and about?
Why is Arabic so important to Muslims?
Why did the crusades begin in 1096?
Why do bad things happen to you on the 8?
Why do some girls turn lesbian?
Why do people say guns are the problem when its actually the person behind the trigger?
Why does God create murderers and paedophiles?
Why do we have religion?
Why is the study of health important to the Christian?
Why do Christians pilgrimage to Canterbury?
Why can Sikh women and men pray together?
Why do Jews consider themselves Semites?
Why do people support religion when all its churches are corrupted and the whole concept is?
Why is the number 14 special in animal life?
Why is wine not served in church?
Why do Sikhs believe in Onkar?
Why is it when people are told someone died the first question asked is how did they die?
Why do christians force their beliefs on people?
Why is life important to live?
Why is religion so diversed?
Why is it that the statue of Jesus is presented as a white while that of Satan is black?
Why is morality so low in this world?
Why is Abraham important in human history?
Why dont all christians belive the universe was created by god?
Why did the Egyptians shave their heads?
Why do people not believe God created the world?
Why do some religions spend time meditation and thinking about life and its meaning?
Why does mums hate no?
Why were Christian presented more by the Romans than followers of some other religious?
Why is december71941 a important date in hawaiian history?
Why is it important for believers to believe in life after death?
Why do people do wrong to serve a higher purpose?
Why was public school created?
Why do protestants wait until everybody has the communion wine before drinking it?
Why do they war when most religion teach love?
Why was the crescent moon supposed to be a good omen?
Why do i believe in the supreme being?
Why did the Concordat of Worms not end the struggles between Popes and Emperors?
Why might cultural diversity cause conflicts?
Why is a Sikh wedding important to Sikhs?
Why are Christians so intolerant?
Why might you hear wailing at the wailing wall?
Why do some cultures require women to wear veils?
Why does one nation contains different religions?
Why do people speak different languages?
Why is it important to act upon your values?
Why did religion matter to the Egyptians?
Why did god want the people of jerico killed?
Why does God hold original sin over innocent people when none of us has done anything wrong?
Why is the bible divided into two columns?
Why do I feel like there is no hope and I am so young?
Why is it killing during the war not considered a sin?
Why is discordianism considered to be a big joke?
Why do you have different religions?
Why has there been a perpetual cycle of violence from the beginning of time?
Why do we exist?
Why is RE important?
Why do organized religions cause wars?
Why do people need religion?
Why did Egypt have so many gods?
Why do people want to believe in God?
Why do people curse?
Why was Sikhism started?
Why is god big?
Why does God answer prayers?
Why do you never see Christ depicted as laughing or happy?
Why have hindus got a god that is an elephant?
Why is there anything at all rather than nothing?
Why is a cow sacred to hindus?
Why would an East Indian not be allowed to wear his turbin while wearing his RCMP Uniform?
Why would a East Indian want to wear his Turbin while dressed in a RCMP Uniform?
Why is it illegal to kill people?
Why are Festivals important to Religous Believers?
Why did the council of chalcedon occur?
Why are youth the most important force in a nation?
Why was people power associated with prayer power?
Why was people power associated with prayer power?
Why is called this?
Why do people change religion?
Why is it difficult to serve God and mammon?
Why do pastors say amen and amen?
Why were plays performances held in the afternoon?
Why is it called the Vespasian Psalter?
Why is religious education important in schools?
Why did or do people burn books?
Why is it important for people to be proud of their country?
Why are some Irish known as orange men?
Why is materialism the cause of moral decline?
Why do men exist?
Why was this religious group called puritan?
Why is Billy Graham called a Doctor?
Why did the Church treat royalty and peasants differently?
Why do Sikhs use amrit?
Why do people lose faith in God?
Why did God allow this to happen?
Why did the jolly farmers leave lempster New Hampshire?
Why is war a major problem?
Why is it important to have a festival?
Why does an anchor symbolise hope?
Why did people worship Osiris?
Why do monks and nuns become monks or nuns?
Why were people willing to die for their beliefs?
Why did black and whites fight?
Why was Jerusalem so important to Muslims?
Why do Satanists call their homes lairs?
Why do intelligent and artistic people easily get depressed?
Why did hana brady get killed and not groeg brady also?
Why did the crusaders kill so many innocent people did they have a choice?
Why was the battle of plassey a turning point?
Why did Jesus sacrifice himself?
Why does the United States State Department support terrorist schools in the America?
Why was the holy land important?
Why is this true?
Why do the different religions have common beliefs?
Why do not all Hindus believe in ashrams?
Why are amputees not healed by God?
Why do they say that cats are half in and half out?
Why are rivers so important at these shrines?
Why do people sign their names a lot on empty paper or notebooks?
Why is there always cedar trees in cemeteries?
Why do people use religion to pull you into their world?
Why were Scarabs so highly prized by ancient Egyptians?
Why do we blame God?
Why do you sometimes awake with back spasms after dreaming?
Why do people say the world is ending?
Why would a spiritual healer not treat all people the same?
Why does the angel play the horn?
Why do you observe?
Why did artists protray jesus the way they did?
Why was the Maryland Toleration Act significant?
Why are there so many religions?
Why did God not give me a child?
Why is cattle important to the masai religion?
Why do you see crosses?
Why do you believe?
Why was the religion of Israel unique in the ancient world?
Why did God allow Israel to come into contact with heathen nations?
Why do so many people believe in God?
Why is pilgrimage important to people of faith?
Why being rich is not a sin?
Why is religion always relevant to the study of history?
Why is prayer important?
Why do people believe in different religions?
Why did Muhammad go to the trading place where idols were and destroy them?
Why dont people cry on alfenique?
Why is symbolism important in a religion?
Why do Muslims bury the dead?
Why did Job speak against God?
Why do people use images for God?
Why did the Sumerians practice polytheism?
Why do human being believe in religion?
Why did the people of Jonestown kill themselves?
Why were the words under god put in the pledge?
Why is church holy?
Why did she deal with the religious problem so well?
Why is it important to give everyday?
Why were the people so afraid of the black death?
Why is the number 6 following you through out your life?
Why were religions started?
Why do Muslims eat with only their right hand?
Why is the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus a wonder?
Why is religious studies so important?
Why was love created?
Why does Greek Philosophy appeal today?
Why is there a Langar in the Gurdwara?
Why is Sunday marked in the color red on a calendar?
Why does God tickle?
Why is that people judge other peoples religion and belifes?
Why does religion hate gay people?
Why does religion discourage thinking and demand complete faith regardless?
Why does modern life cause more suffering than ease?
Why do you stop breathing when you are awake?
Why did the Greeks have rituals and festivals for their gods and goddesses?
Why is Philipp Melanchthon called the forgotten reformer?
Why was the doomsday book made?
Why was polytheism so important to the Egyptians?
Why was religion important to the Egyptians?
Why is religion important to modern Americans?
Why is the Red Cross important for us?
Why is reincarnation important to hindus?
Why are people becoming less religious?
Why did Jesus teach his disciples the Lords Prayer?
Why is light used in places of worship?
Why did Jesus call himself the Bread of Life?
Why do you follow God?
Why did god make the big toe?
Why do humans practice religion?
Why is faith important in a relationship?
Why did God allow inbreeding to populate the world in the old testament?
Why did guatama search for truth?
Why has there been a lot of conflict in Jerusalem?
Why is 18 a lucky number?
Why did the people of Jonestown commit mass suicide?
Why is evil wrong?
Why do questions asking about the origins of animals and evolution which have religious beliefs mentioned in the answer nearly always only have the Christian beliefs on these issues mentioned?
Why did Lucifer Rebel?
Why do you have mardi gras?
Why have womens roles changed since 1900?
Why does god kill good people?
Why do people go to gurdwaras?
Why is society organized like it is?
Why are substitutes evil?
Why do Muslims think mecca is special?
Why does god permit moral evil?
Why did people enslave people?
Why do you need to know?
Why have symbols developed in religion?
Why does evidentialism tend to be opposed to religious belief?
Why is confirmation so important?
Why is a gurdwara impotant?
Why does God let the devil tempt humans even when the devil is in hell?
Why did Pennsylvania have so many religions in 1750?
Why do Muslims prefer not to use coffins?
Why do you use A when writing Aboriginal?
Why do christians try to force their religon on athiests?
Why do people who dont believe in god pray?
Why do all world religions care about the environment?
Why is religon necessary?
Why does a Buddhist meditate?
Why do people believe God?
Why is titled Shadowlands?
Why are Religious Buildings so important to religious people?
Why was religion so important m shakespeare time?
Why does good things come to those who wait?
Why do people have different religious view?
Why do people have religion?
Why do people find it hard to forgive?
Why do people make fun of other religions?
Why does religion cause so much conflict?
Why were the two thieves hung beside Jesus on the cross?
Why are the Jews hated for paradoxical reasons?
Why did God create stupid people?
Why is the holy trinity so important to christians?
Why does the priest where vestments?
Why is the prayer mat important?
Why should we learn history from another religion?
Why are religious symbols protected under the constitution?
Why does god not die?
Why do you have a Heavenly Mother?
Why was church and state separated?
Why do people pilgrimage to rome?
Why do you criticize other people instead of looking at your own behavior?
Why do humans think there is a god?
Why is the therian sign a triangle circle and line?
Why did God allow Satan into the Garden of Eden?
Why does my teacher say my religon is not real?
Why are there 4 religion related phrases on the dollar bill?
Why is the guru granth sahib kept at the gurdwara?
Why does Peru not have freedom of religion?
Why are some religious practices prohibited in the US?
Why do churches get 10 percent and waitresses get 15 percent?
Why was guru granth sahib so important?
Why do people believe in a religion or a god?
Why did Martin Luther write 95 thesis?
Why should you become a Christian?
Why is it important to separate religion from the state?
Why is heaven so much better than earth?
Why is the study of life important?
Why do people get afraid?
Why do you celebrate religious festivals?
Why do only boys get ordained?
Why is multiculturalism important for society?
Why do Italy and Bulgaria have different religions?
Why did god allowed Satan to bring calamity upon job?
Why do you need to question the existence of god?
Why is eddy a Jew?
Why do Muslims believe Muhammad is a source of authority?
Why should you disagree mercy killing?
Why would you go to heaven?
Why do Muslims cut their hair during Hajj?
Why does the white man hate the black man?
Why do christians dislike the peace sign?
Why do people feel different kinds of auras?
Why did Moses disobey God?
Why are all Catholics Christians but not all Christians Catholic?
Why does god take away people you love?
Why do people disregard authority?
Why is Serb religion so extremist?
Why do you believe in life after death?
Why did God create people who do not believe in Him?
Why did Buddha split into two branches?
Why do humans need gods?
Why are religious people so hateful?
Why does mummification reflect Egyptians religious beliefs?
Why did the Devil go against God when God created the universe?
Why do people start looking for the truth?
Why do some people never think about god?
Why do people believe in a god who destroys?
Why did people develop religions?
Why is fire a symbol of the holy spirit?
Why is peppermint candy red and white?
Why are there so many differant religions?
Why did the people of Mecca oppose Muhammad at first?
Why is Pieres just highlighting it all?
Why would people not believe in god because of religious upbringing?
Why do christians hate satanists?
Why does love fail sometimes?
Why did the walls of Romanesque Churches have to be so thick?
Why does one forget that he will die one day?
Why do the priest put holy water on the body?
Why can you taste mouldy dirt in your mouth?
Why cant Muslims change their religion to another religion?
Why should one question everything?
Why are the prophets so special to us?
Why do people from different religions come to the south east?
Why should schools teach religion?
Why are Fathers called fathers at a church?
Why does a person feel they are not saved?
Why do people use skeletons on day of the dead?
Why do Hindu and Buddhist temples contain great work of arts?
Why do people believe in creation myths?
Why did god chose Moses?
Why did Christians make God up?
Why is light important to different religions?
Why is Sunday special in Church?
Why is the Guru Granth Sahib called a guru?
Why do you think ritual and celebrations are important part of all religion?
Why are religious believers against discrimination?
Why were there so many different religious groups in Rhode Island?
Why does every one think that Muslims are terrorist?
Why did people believe in the norm?
Why did the khalsa start?
Why was the Jewish religion different from other religions in 1000 BC?
Why does the church still have power over people today?
Why do you use god in metaphors?
Why does the bible offer hope and strength?
Why is it hard to leave cults?
Why is the main religion in Italy roman Catholic?
Why did the Aryans worship their gods?
Why did Catherine McAuley start her religious order?
Why are founding fathers called fathers?
Why do some people say that there is a god?
Why did children die in the Holocaust?
Why are people baptised in their clothes?
Why do black men wear earrings?
Why are there 2 versions of the creation story in Genesis?
Why were heretics burned at the stake?
Why are popes men not women?
Why do African Americans have an odor?
Why do christians follow the moral code?
Why do Religions use light?
Why are there older women in nursing?
Why does the world need hope?
Why do some Muslims kill other Muslims?
Why do people believe in god and the devil?
Why do greek people worship their gods?
Why do people worship American God or anything else?
Why are lambs compared to humans?
Why do sick people die even when they get prayed for?
Why was the temple of Diana in Ephesus built?
Why is the salvation army run by a church group?
Why do Sikhs wash their hands and feet before going into the G Gurdwara?
Why do you need direction?
Why do Angels exist?
Why does your daughter walk around topless?
Why does William James say that you must abandon your claims to Objective certitudes or evidence in your search for truth in The Will to believe?
Why do dying people call out the name of the living?
Why do Muslim women were a headscarf?
Why should state and religion be kept apart?
Why do people think that god creted the world?
Why do people eat special dish on eid al adha?
Why are Easter eggs in the shape of an egg?
Why do you keep a money box before the Guru Granth Sahib Is God greedy?
Why are Hindus seem to worship idols and have a large number of idols?
Why was Richard Allen famous?
Why did African Americans move to America?
Why do Sikh women have Kaur as their middle name?
Why is the Middle East the birthplace of monotheism?
Why is symbolism so important in Religion?
Why is divorce looked down upon in the church?
Why are people naive enough to believe in god?
Why do most people not believe in God?
Why did god give us the heart?
Why are there 7 days in 1 week?
Why do people think of god as one?
Why is it important to dwevelop a philosophical mindset?
Why are girls more important than boys in Hindu?
Why do people watch religious television?
Why may people not believe in God?
Why did Chrisofer Drew leave school?
Why do people rely on religion?
Why do Sikhs have so many Gurus even though they believe that there is only one God?
Why will your school age child be pushed aside by his peers what is there to look at even though when he has stuff they will take them from him?
Why did you just join this website?
Why do places of worship have a codes of conduct?
Why is god the mystery of mysteries?
Why can religious groups meet at school?
Why do you think god created the plants?
Why do people believe in spirits?
Why is a men or women fall in love?
Why is granth sahib so important?
Why does God not come to earth?
Why do you think that God created the world?
Why does god hold the earth?
Why is it important to a Jew to live a good life?
Why do some religions advocate vegetarianism?
Why is it many butterflies?
Why do people say there is no God when there is?
Why do some people not believe in the Trinity?
Why are religious symbols important?
Why do some people consider euthanasia a sin?
Why are young people no longer interested in religion?
Why are churches dark?
Why does someone stop being a preacher?
Why do people care what religion you are?
Why do all religions lie?
Why do we like talking about others more than about ourselves?
Why are there sins Is God not forgiving?
Why would a religious person scream at the moment of their death?
Why do Muslims practice beheading and stoning of adults and children of other religions while still claiming Peaceful religion?
Why did people believe in an afterlife?
Why did God decide to destroy all life on earth?
Why might Muslims believe Barack Obama is a Christian?
Why does your turbin bring all the talibans to the yard?
Why is god the only wise god?
Why do humans deny the truth?
Why do athiest think there is no God?
Why is Jerusalem holy to the Jewish?
Why do you have discussions groups?
Why does one have a religion?
Why do atheists reject the design argument?
Why is it important for people to understand the philosophies and practicesof different religions?
Why do people only belive in one god?
Why are deism and Christianity incompatible?
Why did china put the person who won the nobel peace prize winner in jail?
Why do people follow different religions?
Why were we given free will?
Why is there more then one religion?
Why was Joane of ark buried?
Why is it illegal not to teach religion education at schools?
Why is a pomegranate a good symbol for fertility?
Why is man weak?
Why did kings have wells in places of worship?
Why should you follow Evolution?
Why did people start following this religion?
Why do you think you were created?
Why should a child honour his parents?
Why does the Supreme Court have such a problem with religious exercises in public schools?
Why is the guru granth sahib different?
Why is the Witching hour at three am?
Why did Israel declare itself as a Jewish state while all world states accept multireligions?
Why is religious freedom important in US?
Why is there god parents god parents?
Why can praying be a waste of time?
Why do religious people ask ultimate questions?
Why do Jewish people still find themselves unpopular and persecuted in some parts of the world today?
Why do Muslims not have imagery whereas Christians do?
Why are holy books important in religions?
Why are some people in the world evil?
Why should Christianity not be allowed in the arts?
Why did witchcraft hysteria sweep threw Salem village in 1692?
Why do we stress separating church and state so much today?
Why are there two different religions in Ireland?
Why do monks get called monks?
Why is the state of Israel so important for Jews?
Why did the Pilgrims go to England to get a ship instead of getting a ship in Holland where they were at the moment?
Why do people suffer if there is a god?
Why do Muslims only worship Allah?
Why is there no salt in the air?
Why is more the one god better?
Why did you ban me?
Why does got let bad things happen to people?
Why do you need to be transformed?
Why is brahma important to the Hindu religion?
Why did Jesus become a refugee?
Why is the Sewa so important to the Sikhs?
Why do religious people have to take action?
Why does people look like an animal?
Why do people not worship God?
Why do I keep getting this dream?
Why was the eye painted only on one side in Egyptian paintings?
Why will god judge when gods all forgiving?
Why is spiritual health not included in the definition of health by WHO?
Why is the Jewish candle important?
Why is the odyssey studied?
Why does reincarnation happen?
Why do they drop the ball on at 12 00am New Years Day?
Why are religious activities important?
Why was god honored?
Why was Moses not a good leader?
Why was bc ad not invented until 525 ad?
Why is love as pure as snow and as holy as god?
Why is yoga unchristian?
Why are religious people allowed to feel credible?
Why is it important for Catholics to bless things?
Why is Mathura important for Hindus?
Why is religion important to study in highschool?
Why do Christians say thank you?
Why do you celebrate eaters?
Why are half of the people in the world so stupid?
Why do people interpret the Holy Bible in different and sometimes widely divergent ways?
Why do you go to stations of the cross?
Why is there more than 1 religion?
Why was the chipko move ment started?
Why is intelligent design not allowed in schools?
Why is science generally considered as the best means of acquring knowledge?
Why do Catholics abstain from meat?
Why do Muslim hate Jew?
Why do christians give forgiveness as a gift?
Why are cards considered a sin by some religions?
Why do you hear about Islamic fundamentalists when no one reports on the Christian fundamentalists?
Why does the book of God exist?
Why do black people talk a lot?
Why do people follow mystical religion?
Why is faithfulness a virtue?
Why are religions so important?
Why do some people believe that sneezing is bad luck?
Why do bad things happen to good people and vice versa?
Why is Patrick important in history?
Why is it that bible is very significant in your life?
Why is God so obsessed with getting glory?
Why is harvest festival celebrated in India?
Why is marriage and divorce a moral decision?
Why is it impossible for Muslims to separate state and religion?
Why is homophobia often justified with reference to religion?
Why are atheists allowed to serve in the US military or hold public office when the US pledge clearly says one nation under God?
Why did the children of Israel start to worship the calf?
Why is there so much religion involed with war?
Why do people believe that GOD exists?
Why do popes wear pointy hats?
Why do you have ramadhan?
Why does God leave so much to interpretation?
Why does religion lead people in the wrong direction?
Why should you not only pray in a special building?
Why do you think oral tradition was such an easy and convenient way for ancient peoples to transmit important information and culture?
Why is earth a dangerous place?
Why is the devil trying to destroy your world?
Why are rich people thin in rich countries and rich people are fatter in poor countries?
Why did religion change in the sixteenth century?
Why did the conflict start about Masada?
Why is final impenitence is a unforgivable sin?
Why are all living things content living the life form that they possess and being what they are even though they may have personal struggles?
Why did people wear masks and costumes in venice carnival?
Why do agnostics think you can not prove there is a god?
Why did christianys condemn the KKK?
Why do you pray on the day of the dead?
Why do most religions talk or write about the value of compassion?
Why are church seats important?
Why is the body an important area for the study of religion?
Why do Muslims use koran instead of bible?
Why did the Muslims tolerate other religions?
Why is freedom important to Jewish people?
Why is book burning still practiced?
Why does god want your money since he owns everything already cause greedy is a sin even for god?
Why do you call the leader of the church as pop?
Why do you think joy is important to us?
Why is life so pathetic?
Why did guru Gobind Singh write the guru Granth Sahib?
Why have catholics got this name?
Why does that fact that Jesus died proves he was not perfect for if he were perfect he would not have died as death is the result of bodily imperfection?
Why did the Lord send to pick up Elijah in a whirlwind?
Why would anyone believe there is a soul since it has no physical properties thus making it imaginary and made up?
Why would anybody in their right mind turn their will and their life over to a religious group claiming to be your god?
Why did other religious groups welcome Caliphate rulers?
Why is it the will of the true and everlasting God to fight the evil that is religion?
Why do Hawaiian Christains say that they are 200 percent Christians?
Why does God heal some and others do not get healed?
Why is puja an important ritual for Hindus?
Why would you take a religion class?
Why do atheists and theists believe there is a division between God and man?
Why is Jesus annoying you right now?
Why do cults not leave new recruits alone?
Why would religions spread?
Why did Vatican 2 make the church modern?
Why are there more universities established by theists compared to none by atheists?
Why did judaism and Christianity become more popular?
Why does forced marriage cause conflict?
Why are Muslims so opposed to pictures of mohammed and Allah?
Why do humans exist?
Why does God allow suffering?
Why do Egyptians fast?
Why is there anything?
Why do people think God exists?
Why is religion important?
Why do some westerners hate Muslims?
Why is religion culturally significant?
Why do people choose different religions?
Why is there evil in the world?
Why was Rhode Island colony founded?
Why are ther gay people?
Why do Hindus celebrate Holi?
Why do you make noises when you swallow?
Why is this under religion and spirituality?
Why did the Christian Jewish and Islamic religions start in the Middle East?
Why did the Christian Jewish and Muslim religions all start in the Middle East?
Why did my dad die?
Why is it important to be buried by the way of your religion?
Why is the twentieth century seen as a period that spurred anti utopias?
Why did the people wear hair shirts?
Why is reappraising ourselves important?
Why do Muslims pray the way they do?
Why did the ark of God set the foundation for your worship?
Why do Muslims use a pray mat?
Why does Kant say that the two reasons of the categorical imperative are synonymous?
Why did the people of the Rhode Island colony go to church?
Why is day of the dead celebrated?
Why is god in the sky?
Why were people very religious in 1500?
Why is polygamy illegal?
Why should you be honest?
Why are there androgenous people?
Why am I here?
Why is it important that nurses address issues of vulnerability?
Why does god not exist?
Why did Megan Mullally sing Ave Maria?
Why was the coline of South Carolina?
Why do you have a rite of passage for a wedding?
Why do people become goths?
Why do you have religions?
Why is the four leafed clover thought to be lucky?
Why do the natives do the Round Dance?
Why did people prefer protestantism more than catholism in Tudor time?
Why was it hard for the Puritan leaders to give up their religious powers?
Why did pilgrims go to Holland?
Why is China called the red dragon?
Why are there churches?
Why does stonehendge exist?
Why is there a God and a devil?
Why is the color black linked to evil?
Why do people worship God?
Why did eve bunting write stories of immigration?
Why does God allow a young person to die?
Why was Easter started?
Why do they do it when a family member dies?
Why is it important to wash before prayer?
Why are we on earth today?
Why did god allow the Holocaust?
Why were 19 people accused of being witches?
Why do you have to wear a sari?
Why do Bahais not live in Israel?
Why should one not eat salt during Wednesday fast?
Why do people shun other people?
Why are people of the world when you should be in the world but not of it?
Why were people made?
Why is observing nature a source of spiritual strength?
Why are rituals and celebrations are and important part of all religions?
Why were preachings of meerabai important?
Why is equality the most important value by which you and your family live and how is this value reinforced in your daily life?
Why do people believe?
Why are holy men important?
Why is it right to use animals as food or medical resources?
Why is a shooting star better than a hamburger?
Why was abolishment of slavery bad?
Why is Chinese new year consider to be a festival of lights?
Why do people develop religions?
Why did Mary imprison Elizabeth in the tower?
Why is it important to be honest?
Why do angels appear to people?
Why does a flagellate perform such as act of sacrifice?
Why did they start Hindu?
Why do people believe in religion?
Why do you need God?
Why are the traits of humans unique for each individual?
Why are there the five ks?
Why are we on earth?
Why did jesus start his ministry at age 30?
Why did Buddihm appeal to the Chinese?
Why did Germany not have religious freedom during World War 2?
Why was the convention held in a locked building with no communication?
Why was the Virginia Statue for Religious Freedom written?
Why do they worship gods?
Why are koi fish a symbol for Chinese New Year?
Why do human being believe in relegion?
Why do human being believe in riligion?
Why do you have ethnic groups?
Why would subarctic groups kill animals but not use any part of it?
Why is the study of religion important and or relevant?
Why did Father Serra founded the missions?
Why does God want to control everyone?
Why is there a family of worry dolls?
Why are religious leaders important?
Why is Mardi Gras celebrated the day before many days of fasting and sacrifice?
Why did Rodger Williams find Rhode island?
Why do people live in interior plains?
Why is suffering an important issue for religious people?
Why are religious things sometimes taken for granted?
Why is the Islamic religion feeling threatened by the peaceful and loving Bahais of the world?
Why was it unusual that Bethlehem was the birth place of Jesus?
Why are chachitos considered good luck?
Why is the cross important?
Why do people celebrate Chinese new year?
Why are monks bald?
Why do you celebrate unday?
Why do some religions beside Christian minister to other countries?
Why do European countries minister to Japan?
Why do some people worship different gods?
Why did Nicky Cruz become a Christian?
Why is the unifor commercial cade important?
Why is the Jewish new year important to Jews?
Why do Men in Thailand bcome Monks?
Why did vickie and Marvin winans get divorced?
Why do Chinese people celebrate the Chinese new year?
Why do brethren not drink?
Why is Alice Walker important?
Why are religion and faith so important to some people?
Why is Holy Week also called Maundy Week?
Why should God be worshiped?
Why is it important for Buddhists to go on pilgrimages?
Why do christians believe they should be a good steward?
Why is Twinkie Clark walking with a cane?
Why were amendments changed to the US Constitution?
Why did socrates disagree with sophists?
Why do people die for their religion?
Why does good and evil work hand in hand?
Why do Americans have the right to assemble?
Why is death on earth?
Why did fundamentalist engage in fronts?
Why do homosexuals like people of the same sex?
Why do dictorial leaders choose a living arrangement where kids live apart form there families?
Why do you say Bismillah?
Why do wrestlers wear masks?
Why do people in society have such rage and feel the need to kill?
Why is retaining the right to religious freedom important?
Why is Moses important to Jews chistains and Muslims?
Why is Adivasi a special religion?
Why is buddah important today?
Why is life sacred to hindus?
Why do Muslims go on pilgrimages?
Why is there suffering in the world?
Why did Koreans come to California?
Why are the hands resting on the lap of a Buddha?
Why does my dying grandmother hallucinate that she sees me when i was a child?
Why are the transition zones between the middle east and neighboring realms in Asia and Africa often volatile?
Why is the middle east volatile?
Why was people pawer associated with prayer powerhow was it an experience of faith?
Why did st patric become holy?
Why is it lucky to find a four leaf clover?
Why do people celebrate holi?
Why was china considered a advanced civilization?
Why is the Star of David worn?
Why are Indian girls allowed to marry Indians but no one else?
Why does it seem as though God has forgotten you?
Why would a cambodian baby wear dark brown strings around their wrists?
Why is it bad to shower on Good Friday?
Why do you need 3 people to register a religious corporation in quebec?
Why did God make human life?
Why did the Buddha decide to teach after his enlightenment?
Why was abimelech interested in rebekah?
Why do people practice a religion?
Why is the Muslim religion growing so fast?
Why is there a god?
Why is it wrong to discriminate against someone because of their religion?
Why is religious education important?
Why did australians want the vietamies?
Why might some people have wanted to honour and obtain relics?
Why do you have to take your shoes off in a Gurudwara?
Why is paul considered to be a great leader of the early church?
Why are there thousands of religions if there is only one God?
Why are people afraid of witches?
Why is there anything at all and not just nothing?
Why are dreamtime stories important to aboriginal people?
Why do you have sad memories?
Why do you want to remember the bitterness of maror?
Why do people have superstitions?
Why are holy books important?
Why would you ask that?
Why do people have different kinds of gods does that mean none of them is true?
Why are some Tibetans trying to cause attention to their cause?
Why do people in Thailand believe in their religions so?
Why do people not become atheistic?
Why do people believe in Gods?
Why do east Indians buy so much milk?
Why do you bless God?
Why do myanmar people celebrate chirstmas?
Why did the Protestant religion begin?
Why was pyramid khufu built?
Why should Palestine be divided between the Jews and Arabs?
Why do i keep dreaming of angels fighting?
Why does the pontiff wear red sandals?
Why do the rituals of primitive society were the beginning of drama?
Why do people think prejudice is wrong?
Why do religious people have holy books?
Why is vasakhi celebrated?
Why do Sikhs keep there hair?
Why was the first mission built were it was?
Why are wars fought in the name of god?
Why is art important to religion?
Why is religion important to the English Civil War?
Why is fasting practiced?
Why were gods invented?
Why are the tibetan monks protesting?
Why do people become monks?
Why was faith so hard to keep during the Holocaust?
Why is the first white calf of winter bad luck?
Why would you want to learn about other religions?
Why did a gladiator fight?
Why did siddattha want to go outside the palace?
Why is Jerusalem regarded as a holy place?
Why did non Jews risk their lives to help Jews?
Why was Henry the 8th opposition to Luther?
Why was st sebasian a martyr?
Why dont people belive in god?
Why are holy books important to religious people?
Why did sue monk kidd use the black Madonna in her book the secret life of bees?
Why are people who hear and see God not considered crazy?
Why did the spanish come to the U nited States?
Why are festivals important to many religious communities?
Why do people go on pilgrimages to lourdes?
Why did Europeans come to the Pacific Ocean?
Why did ganesha get four arms?
Why were people willing to martyr themselves?
Why is human rights a social issue?
Why were they sent to them?
Why does he want to leave you?
Why were people willing to martyr thremselves during the Renaissance?
Why was Africa called the Dark Continent in the early 1800 and early 1900s?
Why do people of religion fear reality?
Why does guru nanak refuse to wear the sacred scarf?
Why is communism a failure?
Why do water buffalos eat hippos?
Why did the Roman want the Republic to have two councils instead of one?
Why did Hillary Clinton say she was Jewish?
Why does Satan hate God?
Why do you celebrate pentecost?
Why did the Nazis have power?
Why did the church in constantinople and the church in rome split?
Why are wars still fought till this day?
Why was Caesar a kind boy?
Why are we as humans unconcerned about our fellow humans?
Why are we still studying the renaissance today?
Why is the city of medina so important to Muslims?
Why do people celebrate these festivals and holidays in china?
Why is it said that the number thirteen bad luck?
Why does the church encourage Christians to receive this Sacrament when they are in danger by way of illness or age?
Why would a state or a country use most of its land to produce only one or two crops?
Why did farmers in the Southern Colonies concentrate on growing cash crops?
Why was baptism started?
Why do they use tango music?
Why were some nuns called coadjustrices in former times?
Why did most indigenous people only build temporary homes?
Why do girls want to be boys after birth?
Why did the fourteenth amendment not immediatley end unfair treatment of African Americans?
Why do girls love John Cena?
Why is taking care of the dead more important than taking care of the living in the Japanese way of life?
Why do they do the dragon dance at the Chinese new year?
Why did people go to Canterbury on pilgrimages?
Why is Laura having a party?
Why is there hate in Religion?
Why did the Salem Witch Trials take place?
Why are aboriginal corrborees held?
Why are some people born with disabilities?
Why do Buddhists wear robes?
Why is it important to stand up against genocide for yourself and others?
Why are minorities not getting the same amount of media time when the same crimes are happening to us blacks Hispanics and asians?
Why was China able to accept two basic and different belief systemsConfucianism and Daoism?
Why does nobody read or write on Saraswati Puja in Bengal?
Why do vespiforms like to form into just humans?
Why did the US get into the current gulf war?
Why is art so important in religions?
Why do people visit particular places when they go on pilgrimage?
Why do some go from one religion to another a lot and is there a word for it?
Why is the dogwood tree not blooming normally in 2008?
Why do you think like you do?
Why is the wailing wall so important?
Why was Mission Nuestra Senora de la Soledad built?
Why were symbols used in illuminated manuscripts?
Why did Mohammad gauri went to India?
Why do people use light symbols in their worship?
Why did Guru Gobind Singh leave a book as the final authority for Sikhs?
Why is the Guadalajara song special?
Why did king Charles marry a Catholic queen?
Why did the pilgrims return to England?
Why do you hate number seven?
Why is Jewish worship important?
Why are Chinese features so different to European?
Why are blacks treated differently in school?
Why did people go on crusade?
Why is to study cultural diversity?
Why have the Mythbusters never examined religion?
Why are the Japanese in particular girls so fond of cute things?
Why did Buddha claim the vision of a god?
Why did Jesus only have twelve followers before his death yet all believed after he died?
Why do you think people search for God?
Why do Sikhs wear long beards?
Why is Satan depicted as a goat?
Why doesnt God love mee?
Why did pastor randy Morrison divorced his wife?
Why did the south care about representation in the congress?
Why are people from India moving to Britain?
Why did yesterday seem so weird Today god said yes yes when you made some waffles why did he do that?
Why do certain religions put eggs outside of their home?
Why is fanaticism againts the science of theology?
Why do islamics circle the kaaba seven times?
Why are all gurdwaras different on the outside?
Why do Buddhist monks wear orange robes?
Why do buddhist monks wear orange?
Why do they where coloured robes?
Why are there so many festivals of light?
Why do you see the number 606 everywhere?
Why do thought duplicate themselves in form?
Why might someone go to pilgrimage the golden temple?
Why are women migrating today and the consequences of this migration for the and their families?
Why might pemulwuy and yagan be called two of the first indigenous resistance fighters?
Why is world youth day so singnificant?
Why is it that the most accurate prophesy about Jesus and American history comes from England Britain American rock and roll music?
Why might someone go to pilgrimage to the golden temple?
Why were Brazilian dances invented?
Why do you celebrate epiphany?
Why is North Carolina so religious?
Why is it important for a person to honor their deeper need and feelings?
Why do you have many religion in the world?
Why did Father John Therry move to Australia?
Why did the carnivial start?
Why do Indian families prefer arrange marriages for their children insteas of letting their children marry anybody through love marriages?
Why are we not all human what does race religion are someones background have anything to do with being human?
Why do people lose their dreams?
Why was the festival of baisakhi originally set aside?
Why should divorce not be banned?
Why are the ANZACs so important to Australia?
Why are feng shui front doors red?
Why do bad people live on Earth?
Why did priests leave the priesthood after Vatican II?
Why were boats buried around some pyramids?
Why do you need health insuance why cant you all just pray?
Why do hindus celebrate divalli?
Why do clear laws help us?
Why did God create man last?
Why do dying people see things that are not there?
Why do the mosque have a water fountain outside?
Why were the English puritans religiuos dissenters?
Why are you not justified in doing wrong because of passion?
Why do people choose to believe in god?
Why are statue hands broken off?
Why do you think the churches are symbolyzed as lampstands?
Why are so many people in your family dying lately?
Why dont you find your own answers?
Why was qutub minar made?
Why was swithen wells killed?
Why did Edith tiempo made the poem the return?
Why was the forbidden fruit called an apple?
Why is the idol of shantinatha is kept in snatra puja?
Why did god place us on earth?
Why should it be?
Why did the people of olimpia pray to Zeus?
Why do people go to heaven?
Why do Arab women cover their whole body in black?
Why are you born in the world?
Why do some churches refer to the altar as the table?
Why should you go a youth conference?
Why do people follow so many religions?
Why is there red in the Maasai mask?
Why would someone want to fall in love with a non human?
Why do people use spirituality to hide behind who they really are?
Why did bishop clarence mcclendon lose his church and members?
Why is it so important not to put great faith into some figure?
Why do we need to consider the modifiers of human acts?
Why do psychics use mythology as a means to push products of blind faith more than ever today?
Why is it important to never underestimate the higher dimension of a another person?
Why do Mexican wrestlers wear masks?
Why do church only approved natural method?
Why is desmond tutu so special?
Why do you see the matariki in the sky for only a little while?
Why is Afghanistan classified as a third world country?
Why do people anoint?
Why did they mummify the pharaohs?
Why do Christians give Christian answers to a question that has nothing to do with Christians or God?
Why was the nan tien temple built?
Why did God give us the 10 commandments?
Why did the Lord release Satan after the 1000 years?
Why did god plant marijua?
Why did God sanctify or set aside the seventh day?
Why are certificates of baptism issued?
Why do short men think that they are god?
Why were females worth less than males in Leviticus?
Why is friendship day celebrated?
Why did Moses get punished by god?
Why did Hitler hate Christians?
Why do people go to temple?
Why do people use temples?
Why did God create Health Related Fitness?
Why does human exsisted?
Why is Karnak Temple famous?
Why do you keep seeing airplanes everywhere you go?
Why did the Quakers rejected all of the following religious and philosophic concepts except?
Why is it that being religious is a positive values of Filipinos?
Why are being of darkness attracted to being of lightness?
Why would someone who is the light of god implant fear greed and lie to another person?
Why is dead time usually 3am?
Why do people worship god at church instand of at home?
Why is the world the way it is today?
Why did angels play the horn?
Why is homosexuality sinful?
Why do we have to regret the vow of celibacy?
Why would my Aunt need all of her god childrens baptismal certificates and can it be used for anything?
Why is it those of Judaic caling claim land they steal were promised to them by God?
Why do you need priests and books to talk to the creator of the universe Is god limited to paper and sound waves?
Why do we need a books and a professors to learn and attain any graduation or education?
Why is physical toil looked down by many?
Why is man consider as a supreme creation of God?
Why did Jews wantChristians to follow Mosaic laws?
Why did the cainites and sethites took different directions from god?
Why is man considered as a supreme creation of god?
Why did Graham chose Just As you are to close all services?
Why are so many people wasting their lives away in the virtual society of media and entertainment and neglecting real community?
Why do religious peoples go crazy?
Why do so many people seem to consider money the most imporatant thing in the world?
Why do you study different religions?
Why should she avoid her?
Why do religions persecute one another?
Why is there Conflict over race and religion?
Why did people pray to Zeuss for help?
Why do priests today wear special clothing when leading a celebration of a liturgy?
Why is it that Christians Jews and Muslims will sometimes not get along?
Why is the title of Hymn to sun god Ra was hymn to sun god Ra?
Why do chinese celebrate new year?
Why did the Egyptians put together a calender?
Why are parables strongly favored in the expression of spiritual concepts?
Why is the world a bad place?
Why would an intelligient person join a cult?
Why would an intelligent person join a cult?
Why would you do euthanasia?
Why was St Vincent De Paul so important to the church?
Why do people refuse Jehovah as there one true god?
Why is Babylon important?
Why did Constantine convene the Council of Nicea?
Why was the Hagia Sophia Built?
Why was religious toleration developed by the end of the colonial period primarily?
Why is 126 name of god?
Why was the god Poseidon important to man?
Why did God create animals?
Why do you wear black clothing when someone has died?
Why did Abraham and Lot seperate?
Why did God Choose Moses to lead the Isrealites?
Why do Mexicans look like Indians?
Why is religion is important?
Why do some people of the world worship wolves?
Why is God called a He?
Why do you open the left side of a casket for viewing verses the right?
Why do you learn about other religions?
Why do they give fruit to buddado they see him as a god?
Why does the budd ha wear a robe?
Why did god create earth?
Why is there a venecian mask of the moon kissing the sun?
Why is religious education important in your society?
Why would someone attach a fake cardinal bird to their fence Does that mean anything?
Why was it nessary for jesus to die on the cross?
Why was that you always snickered nature worshippers?
Why would someone go on a pilgrimage?
Why would you have two pentagrams on your house?
Why do Egyptians belief in fake God?
Why do people go on pilgrimages to Rome?
Why do you believe God exists?
Why do you need both theories?
Why did Louis XIV think revoking the Edict of Nantes would make France stronger?
Why are all the important people in the bible male?
Why did religion play an important part in north Carolina the colony?
Why is religion practised around the world?
Why did early man need more than one god?
Why was the name holy mother of god givern to Mary?
Why is the believer always right according to the various religions in the world?
Why did Kellie Copeland kutz divorce Winn Kutz?
Why do Chinese have customs?
Why does not Lucifer kill God?
Why was st peter considered holy?
Why do some religious believers believe that embryo research is wrong?
Why do people belief in god?
Why did God send Jesus down to earth?
Why was it important for Joseph to name Jesus?
Why do people all around the world develop religion?
Why did Amenhotep decide to change the Egyptians worshipping to worshipping one god?
Why did the ancient Chinese people worship their family ancestors?
Why is Jesus important in history?
Why is Rosendo Alvarez famous?
Why does God establish the first convenant with his people?
Why is the cup of metal important the vikinga?
Why have there been so many conflicts in the name of religion?
Why do people value religious belief and practices?
Why is saturns original name Roman God Of Agriculture?
Why did Confucius start Confuciusinsm?
Why are lecterns used for in religion?
Why should the US prepare to block all attempts of Stealth Jihad?
Why did people not like StFrancis of Assisi helping the poor?
Why is symbolism an important concept in religion?
Why are Muslims rejected by christians?
Why should religion be studied?
Why are countries called Caribbean?
Why do functionalists think it is an advantage for members of society to share the same culture?
Why is encouragement so important?
Why do you feel evil?
Why has achievement of religious toleration proved a difficult and elusive goal in America?
Why do monks wear robes?
Why is the heaven called heaven?
Why was important Religion in Britain in 1500?
Why did Menes allow people from the upper and lower kingdoms keep their own gods and traditions?
Why did the ancient Greeks spent so much time building temples and worshiping their gods?
Why did Stonewall Jackson apologise to God?
Why do you have religion?
Why did God Sid I will show mercy to those I want to show mercy?
Why do religions start?
Why is the curse of GOD on Jews?
Why should you search for God?
Why dont people from the shaker religion not marry?
Why did Quakers settle into New Jersey?
Why did god choose to come to Earth as a baby?
Why are gregorian chants so important in the tradition of the church and western society in general?
Why did Gaudi mostly build churches?
Why are there religions?
Why has religion always been important to all human settlements?
Why does thomas Putnam blame others?
Why were the wars of religion in Europe so bloody?
Why was the world created by God?
Why have people made books and worship and do loads of things for god if no one can prove he was real?
Why is the universe so important?
Why does god smell?
Why do people use religion to create pain upon other people are we not all the same?
Why do you want to become a delta sigma theta?
Why do people tell tales about the sun and the moon?
Why do all civilizations and cultures have a religion?
Why was the lotus flower used as the symbol of enlightenment?
Why do moslems believe what they believe?
Why do most western religions consider the supernatural or paranormal evil?
Why does the Indian classical tradition dominate the musical image of South Asia in the West?
Why did people believe muhammed was a messenger from god?
Why is mercury called the swift planet?
Why is capital punishment an issue?
Why was there conflict between the Catholics and the Protestants in Ireland?
Why are children gifts from god?
Why does God allow us to have tribulations?
Why were Egyptian gods half animal?
Why do you see rainbow in the sky?
Why is medina important?
Why should religion be banned for world peace?
Why do some people think Pat Robertson is a wicked hateful man?
Why is light central to all religions?
Why does the god Indra have 4 arms?
Why does the Grim Reaper have a scythe?
Why do teenagers pray?
Why was religion founded?
Why do some people live in the world unhappily but they do not want to die?
Why do the olmecs worship gods?
Why did god create the universe?
Why did god make us out of dust?
Why did god first work his mircles and why?
Why did god create everything?
Why were they are loyalist?
Why can you not unite even tho you got separate religions?
Why did religious people believe earth was centre of the universe?
Why did god make night and day?
Why do both the evil and the good read the Bible?
Why is baptism so special?
Why did racial issues occur?
Why is there so much religious diversity in the world?
Why did all the major religions begin around the same time in history?
Why is it that the effect of immorality important to the school?
Why is life is a brilliant design?
Why is marriage a important sacrament?
Why are festivals important?
Why is the cross a religious symbol?
Why did god make us black?
Why did people believe that the devil hates the sound of a bell ringing?
Why do most people get married at a church?
Why is charity found in so many religions?
Why does religion cause such contention?
Why does God approve of torture?
Why are religious classes referred to as ccd?
Why did Elizabeth create a Religious Settlement?
Why do people use holy books?
Why are you a theist?
Why were ancestors a key element in African religion?
Why are christian churches shaped like the cross?
Why did this religion last?
Why are you in the world?
Why was Pennsylvania founded for Catholics?
Why is the interpretation of scripture important?
Why did God allow methuselah to live so long?
Why is Day of the Dead important?
Why are people attracted to God?
Why are people attracted to god?
Why were churches built on a cruciform plan?
Why do people believe that God has many aspects?
Why do you owe god your first allegiance?
Why did jesus fast for 40 days and nights?
Why is faith important to Christians?
Why might christians disagree with transplant surgery?
Why is a gurdwara called a gurdwara?
Why do people go to pilgrimages?
Why cant god be down with us to feel our pain and suffering?
Why were masks wore during religious cerimonies?
Why did Amenhotep change the worship of many gods?
Why did people need to believe in things like gods or goddesses?
Why do some religions say its a sin to wear pants?
Why should you be required to study religion at school?
Why is Jesus called the YHWH?
Why do Muslims pray on Fridays?
Why do aboriginals wear masks?
Why is the Ganges River important to Hindus?
Why was the episcopalian religion formed?
Why did the Last Supper not appear in the Gospel of John?
Why do Muslims pray using a prayer mat?
Why was St Andrews faith important to god?
Why did god hate esau?
Why did the Europeans bring Africans to the Americas?
Why do people choose to do this?
Why did God command the priest to wash the inner part of the offerings?
Why did the Romans exile the Jews?
Why did J esus promised the holy spirit would come to the apostles?
Why is it that celebrity pastors and bishops fail to preach the Word of God?
Why were African Americans enslaved?
Why do people celebrate the dead?
Why is confirmation no longer important?
Why is confirmation no longer important today?
Why did john winthrope move to America?
Why is winter the season of birth?
Why did job sprinkle sawdust on his head?
Why do you say thank you?
Why does god allow bad spirits?
Why doesnt god diminish the bad spirits?
Why is hialayan region in the ajour physial diisions?
Why does god punish the innocent?
Why does the devil have a tail?
Why are churches important to people?
Why do seah relagion dont cut hair?
Why is ageism apart of prejudice?
Why do people commit sins in the name of god?
Why did god create woman?
Why did God say destroy livestock?
Why do people use a rainstick?
Why are humans in the world?
Why was religion so important in Shakespearean times?
Why was Tudor religion like a roller coaster?
Why did Europeans explore and colonize due to religion?
Why was religion started?
Why do many cultures have holidays at the end of October Is it a coincidence or is there a reason?
Why were cathedrals built?
Why do some religions refuse to use art to image god?
Why was Satan sent to Hell?
Why did God create humans and sunset?
Why is Mecca important to religion?
Why did God make people?
Why do Churches help the homeless more?
Why are some churches round?
Why do some shoes have air in the heels?
Why might one religion succeed and spread throughout the world while other religions dont?
Why do priests wear Roman collars?
Why is regilion imoporant?
Why is God important to Martin?
Why do hindus use mantis?
Why is marketing and selling cigarrets a sin?
Why do people go on pilgimages?
Why does god allow evil and suffering?
Why is religion important to the people of world?
Why did god set apart these people?
Why can light travel trough space?
Why did god establish coveants?
Why do people practice their beliefs?
Why do we have a conscience?
Why do so many people still believe in religion?
Why was western philosophy of Descartes accepted by westerners?
Why did Squanto decide to help the people who were poor or starved?
Why are religious festivals impotant?
Why are freedom of speech religion press assembly and petition basic rights?
Why dont people go on pilgrimages?
Why does Huck enjoying the bread that ironically has been sent to him decide that perhaps there is something to religion after all?
Why was religion aso important to people in Tudor Times?
Why do people in Latin America have two wedding ceremonies?
Why do some people see spiritualism as witch craft?
Why do the Irish people celebrate a holiday that honors the Wren that betrayed St Stephen when he was hiding Get a move on it?
Why are Welsh people buried in a red suit?
Why was Jesus baptised in the River Jordan?
Why is symbolism so easy to say?
Why did God want to rebuild the temple?
Why do you need religious builiding?
Why is Jacob famous?
Why is the hemhemet called so?
Why is Charlamange tha God off the Wendy Williams radio show?
Why do they have the Epidaurus Festival?
Why didnt god approve fo Davids Census?
Why did ancient egpytians worship gods?
Why are there temples?
Why did god make Africa?
Why does god not help people who suffer?
Why do Aborigines have spirit totems?
Why is the year 622 ad important to Muslims?
Why are humans religious?
Why does every one pray together in a church?
Why was religion important in Shakespears time?
Why did some monarchs want everyone in a religion?
Why do Jews fast on yom kippur?
Why should you not believe in god?
Why do founders of religion have special birth stories?
Why is God so mystical?
Why are angels left on graves?
Why are people persecuted besides religious beliefs?
Why does God allow good people to be hurt?
Why are the definitions of religion inadequate?
Why did Mahammad said about the laws and rules?
Why are spiritual leaders important?
Why was it useful to the Pharaohs to be thought of as a god?
Why is Abraham called the father of nations?
Why can humans not be cloned?
Why do people go to Pompeii?
Why did Muslims first come to the UK?
Why did people belive in witches?
Why do people have bad karma?
Why did God destroy the tower and scatter the people?
Why is Jesus birth of relate to your lives?
Why did the pilgrims run away?
Why do some people believe that it is their duty to change people who does not share their beliefs to their own way of thinking?
Why should you keep peace?
Why did the pilgrims have many food the next fall?
Why did ancient Greece whorship god and goddess?
Why do people protest for tibetan freedom?
Why do sumerians have two different gods of water one for fresh water and one for salt water?
Why was mummification in the Egyptian religion?
Why was religion important in ancient civilizations?
Why did Hatshepsut call herself daughter of a god?
Why do Jews never knock on your door trying to sell you their Religion like other Religions do?
Why do people condemn and or judge other people whose beliefs are different from theirs Is this a matter of ego?
Why do you wake up with cuts in your arms?
Why do people complain that life is unfair to them?
Why do the Jews honor their God?
Why cant god be called one name?
Why dod diffrent religions believe different things?
Why is Christianity the major religion in Australia?
Why is the peer group so important to socialisation?
Why do people worship a so called God in the heavens?
Why did the Jews want to kill Jesus?
Why did Jewish people worship God?
Why is it easier to believe that god exists?
Why were non denominatioal churches started?
Why did God not want us to eat pork?
Why did Europe set up religion in America?
Why does he consider indulgences useless?
Why is important to study religion?
Why did the Romans let the Jews practice their religion?
Why do people refer to God in different names?
Why did god tell Abraham to offer isaac as a sacrifice?
Why is religion important to Jerusalem?
Why do the Israelites value their religious writings?
Why is that you must love other?
Why is congress prohibited from establishing a national religion?
Why was china a good place to live in during the 1850s?
Why did they name it after the roman god of the sea?
Why would you continuously smell flowers when there are no flowers around?
Why did norj the god of the sea have butiful feet?
Why was mythology created?
Why do holy objects bleed?
Why did Jesus institute the holy Eucharist?
Why did god shut zacharias mouth when he told them they would have a child?
Why do some people prefer to be buried?
Why are agnostics unsure about believing in God?
Why did religion become so popular with the fall of Rome?
Why do some religions hate each other?
Why are you on this earth?
Why is water important in religion?
Why did god come to earth?
Why is public school religion bad?
Why was freedom of speech and freedom of religion so important?
Why is God so wonderful?
Why are people afraid to die?
Why is my mons pubis covered in herpatic lesions?
Why is the point of asking how many people live there in th doomsday book?
Why are the colors on the advet wreath the color they are?
Why do you think I saw a halo on my daughters head before she passed away?
Why did the pharaohs not know the existence of god?
Why is giving important?
Why is that religion is so important?
Why is Laura McKenna a cheese?
Why is it important for Jews to have a place to worship?
Why did Ruth kelly resign?
Why was the statute for religious freedom so important?
Why is the year 622 important to Muslims?
Why did the aztec sacrifice human beings to thier gods?
Why is it important to eat food from different food groups?
Why is holly draped over the stairs and mantel?
Why do some people hear voices while sometimes another person can hear it with them?
Why is darkness asscociated with evil?
Why is there so much evil in the world?
Why is Satan evil?
Why was Venus the greek god of love and beauty?
Why are sacred books so important?
Why is Amirica a city upon a hill?
Why is 25th of December celebrated the birth of Jesus instead of March?
Why does a totem pole tell a story?
Why does the KKK kill people of the other race and religion?
Why did the Germans experience less discrimination?
Why was the cult of Gloriana created?
Why did they burn you to death if you did not believe in god hundreds of years ago?
Why is purple?
Why is using religious vocabulary important?
Why did people worship Ahrodite?
Why are dogs nicer than people?
Why is Brahma worshiped?
Why did god pick Israel because it was a big nation?
Why are you not dead?
Why did Sikism begin?
Why were laikipiak maasai executed by their own brothers?
Why did the orb cross the road?
Why do we live if we are eventually just going to die?
Why do Baptists spank their wives?
Why do people have different religion?
Why did john leap in his mother womb?
Why do people always cling to religion?
Why is there so much killing in Africa?
Why do atheists always criticise religious facts?
Why is zoroastrianism considered an old religion?
Why did god make life hard for us?
Why did Jesus wait until he was thirty to be baptized?
Why does religious discrimination exist?
Why was the Theodosius Arrives at Ephesus made?
Why did god command Abraham to move to Caanan?
Why do some people believe the world was designed?
Why do you think a group of people would practice human sacrifice in China?
Why are the walls in a Mosque decprated with patterns and calligraphy?
Why are most churches on corners?
Why is Science trying to prove that God is not real?
Why is water such a big part in the sacrament of baptism?
Why did people think Puritans were crazy?
Why did jung carve a manikin and what was the underlying message behind it?
Why do Mormons seem to have a foothold in Latin America?
Why do human beings create mythology?
Why was David religious?
Why do some people suddenly improve before dying?
Why dont satanists wear gold?
Why do people think god is a miracle?
Why would a person travel through the silk road?
Why did the piano player leave Ernie Haase and signature sound?
Why did Romans have shrines in their homes?
Why dowe have a soul?
Why did the mayans stop their calendar in 2012?
Why do we need mosques?
Why did they make up day of the dead?
Why do the Chinese celebrate the new year?
Why is there a dome in a mosque?
Why did Aristotle lick his hands to go to sleep?
Why did the Romans stop believing in many gods and eventually believe in one god?
Why does God want us to put your lives completely under his control?
Why did God Choose Rahab To assist the Israelites?
Why are Jews so arrogant?
Why did the Rastafari Movement begin?
Why do religious people think that it is important to pray in communities?
Why was there trouble over religion in England in 1637?
Why did most of the early religious groups come to what later became known as the US?
Why did the Irish experience so much discrimination Why did the Germans and Scandinavians experience less discrimination?
Why did Muhammad start meditating?
Why do some high school kids not believe in god?
Why are religious holidays important in a culture?
Why do parents choose Baptismal names for their children?
Why are some prayers not answered?
Why are some people cremated after death?
Why did England have trouble over religion in 1637?
Why does Donne say that contemplation of the tolling bell brings one close to God?
Why is it important for elzbieta to have a religious symbol in their home?
Why is life good?
Why was the society of jesus formed?
Why are religion and governmentlinked in acient Egypt?
Why is rite of passage important?
Why was it dangerous to own a book by erasmus?
Why is death so final?
Why did God leave Lazarus rotting for four days first?
Why is this in Religion and Spirituality?
Why did God allow polygamy?
Why did the Guru Gobind Singh change his name?
Why do you study religon?
Why do you have to go to mass?
Why are there no stagues or pictures about god in gurdwara?
Why did the sihk religion start?
Why is 666 associated with the devil?
Why did the Sikh religion start?
Why do you still believe that life is good?
Why was Bishop Robinsons Inaugural Prayer not televised at Sunday before the you Are One concert?
Why is the seating in a church named a pew?
Why is sex a taboo?
Why is the sun so important for life on earth?
Why are five stars of singaporeans flag described as lambs?
Why do people get trance in temple?
Why could no one ignore the Church in medieval times?
Why do montheistic religions suite the western world?
Why does the band creed?
Why were people buried with special objects and what purpose did they serve in Egypt?
Why was the concept of monotheism so radical for Near Eastern civilizations?
Why do adults get baptised?
Why was people burning down churches in the south?
Why can hindus not drink alchol?
Why is it called the Battle of Tours?
Why are there so many different types of religion if you all serve the same god?
Why were the egyptians so religous?
Why is morale important in the work place?
Why does ganesh have a broken tusk?
Why do people worship the dead?
Why do only bad guys rule this planet?
Why does God let children suffer?
Why is religion important in culture?
Why were names put on coffins?
Why are all religions man made and self contradictory?
Why are women more religious?
Why did the ancient egyptians have so many gods?
Why did the Carleton north High School decline the invitation?
Why was it so important for Muslims to pray?
Why is jeruselam important to 3 religions?
Why is fasting important to Buddhists?
Why did Hugh Latimer make his own religion?
Why did god create nits because all they do is annoy parents?
Why is red sea really important in a relegious way?
Why is resisting temptation important to God?
Why is religion present in every society no matter ho primitive or industrial?
Why does god create the world and finally man?
Why are people born with original sin?
Why do religions hold ceremonies for important stages of life?
Why do people get involved in faith groups?
Why does earth have life forms?
Why did god created earth and sky?
Why do fish have scales instead of hair?
Why can the interpretation of a word or phrase be so different between people?
Why did the supposed witches become accused?
Why do the Mormons have a foothold on Latin America?
Why are many people religious?
Why are Jewish names so common in protestant countries?
Why did England have religion?
Why was the temple of Artemis at Ephesus destroyed?
Why is the internet an example of an interactive environment?
Why do people fight over religion?
Why did they change chamberlains mens name?
Why was mother Teresa inspirational?
Why have the same order of service?
Why does religion make use of so many different academic disicplines?
Why was guru gobind the last human guru?
Why is philosophy not considered as important as it was back then why is science thought more highly of?
Why did so many people travel to on pilgrimage?
Why do some people feel that it is necessary to go to a priest to have their sins taken away?
Why did parliament pass laws against witches?
Why does God not always answer prayers of petition?
Why is st James remembered?
Why do you want to go to heaven?
Why is the main religion in latin America Catholic?
Why does the lion represent England?
Why does the sun always get in your eyes?
Why is forgiveness very important to the live of every individual?
Why do WE as humans try so hard to live?
Why are people afraid to touch the topic of religion?
Why do religions celebrate adulthood?
Why did Rizal write the poem Intimate Alliance Between Religion and Good Education?
Why is there bad in the world if God is good?
Why did the Nazis hate God?
Why is it important to pray?
Why do Jewish people go on pilgrimages?
Why did God create people that do not believe in him?
Why is religion often the cause of wars?
Why did God separate man into different ethnic groups?
Why is incense used in worship?
Why do monks dress simply?
Why is Canada day celebrated?
Why do Sikh offer money and food whenthey enter tha gurdwar?
Why was people power associated with prayer power what message did your people power bring to these country?
Why are prayers an importnant component of a pilgrimage?
Why are boys greedy sometimes?
Why did ancent egptions believe in many gods and goddesse?
Why is it important to have a spiritual side?
Why did Protestant and Catholics split?
Why was Jonathan Edwards called a genius?
Why are rules necessary?
Why is moral reasoning important in making moral decisions?
Why do have many religions?
Why did the government aid to religious schools?
Why was the star of David important before and during and after War World 2?
Why are religious people against deforestation?
Why does god have a name?
Why are the Puritans important?
Why is God well known?
Why do religious people say that the end of the world is near?
Why did God called others in other to create man in his image?
Why should christian priests only perform rites of passage on members of the congregation?
Why was people power associated with the prayer power?
Why would someone want to become a monk?
Why did they believe the pharaohs were gods?
Why is Christianity a major religion?
Why is fate necesary for Jesus to effect his healing in a persons life?
Why did people leave their homeland in Ellis island?
Why were aboriginal totems consederd tabbo?
Why are some people more violent in religious matters?
Why is where does god live a harmful question?
Why does God need our constant prayers?
Why was people powerassociated wih prayer poer?
Why are priests not allow marry?
Why was people power revolution associated with prayer?
Why is it important for a religious worshipper to follow their religions rules?
Why is education so low in sub Sahara?
Why are you angry?
Why do you think that other people are religious?
Why do you think Roman leaders so opposed the rise of a new religion among their subjects?
Why is the ten commandment of God so important?
Why can monotheism replace polytheism?
Why would scientists want to clone animals?
Why are religion festivals important to people?
Why would a twelve year old want to believe in god but find it hard to when he wants to have faith in him?
Why do is there churches?
Why did people power associated with prayer power?
Why would you like to work for Presbyterian Homes Services?
Why is God great?
Why was jaws important in the 1970s?
Why did God give the Jew a second chance?
Why is the book of Baruch so short?
Why do people have religious fasts?
Why does euthanasia never accept by the religion sector?
Why do the Victorians go on holiday?
Why do Muslims go on pilgramige?
Why is the kingdom of god just like any other kingdom?
Why do gods interact with humans?
Why do some people think raphip hop is the devil?
Why does the devil punish people for worshipping him and turning their back on God as he did?
Why do you think that it is important that every one in the world has the right to practice there own religion freely?
Why do inidians go clockwise in a holy fire?
Why do Indians move clockwise in holy cerimonies?
Why did religious plays decline in popularity?
Why does harmony day go on?
Why do people believe in religious beliefs?
Why does fat people have camel toes?
Why should Christians as well as Muslims and other religion followers become involved in charity work?
Why is destiny so evil?
Why do religious people go to religious services?
Why was Ruth devoted to naomi is it because she had a devoted heart or god was totally responsible?
Why is god the creator of all good things?
Why did the roman god name Mars Mars?
Why is it important for people to worship god?
Why is Zoroastrianism considered a highly moralistic religion?
Why was Britain obligated to Jews and Arabs?
Why are planes in ww1 called flaming coffins?
Why can a person not believe in more than one religion?
Why do people look for religion?
Why is the temple of Artemis in Ephesus wonderful?
Why do fish have wet scales?
Why are some forms of religion called primal?
Why is racism in religion happening today?
Why does the iraqians differ from the other South West Asian People?
Why was Jesus crucified on Calvary Hill?
Why did the Romans adopted and adapted to the Greek religion?
Why do people go on pilgrimages in rome?
Why is religion good?
Why was aleister crowley evil?
Why did antiant eygptians have gods and goddesses?
Why is jewelry so important to fijians?
Why is Epiphany white?
Why do you paint our faces in the mime?
Why was God angry with Solomon?
Why is god going to stop looking after us in 3000?
Why did the Muslims demand their own country?
Why did the discovery of god change your nation?
Why did john baker become a musher?
Why did Joan of Arc marry?
Why do some African tribes believe twins to be bad luck?
Why is it significant that Jesus was baptized?
Why is it so hard for people to be true to themselves?
Why should you have the freedom to choose your bedtime?
Why did Cain kill Abel in the Bible?
Why do people in different cultures create their own myths?
Why did god start the first church in the bible?
Why do people give up their lives for someone else?
Why do people have ceremonies?
Why did te Native Americans end up living at the missions?
Why do some people think life is not sacred?
Why are so many places in the doomsday book listed as wasted?
Why was it important to stay on the good side of the gods?
Why was Ra the god of sun so important?
Why does god like Mary why does gfod sacrafice himself?
Why are bread and wine important in Christian worship?
Why do you go to religion?
Why is Grace so god damn stunning?
Why would you go on a pilgrimage to Auschwitz?
Why are their differences in the way men and women follow rules of a religion?
Why is a Bodhi tree important?
Why was the god Haedes worshiped?
Why do you have nightmares of past loved ones?
Why did St Therese call her path to God the little way?
Why is the maha bodhi tree important to Buddhs?
Why are gurdwara rooms important?
Why is religion necessary?
Why do i keep seeing a spirit with white eyes?
Why do Christian men wear turban?
Why is the afterlife called afterlife when it is after death?
Why does god give us free will?
Why does god care?
Why does god let people have evil thoughts and do bad things?
Why does the existence of suffering and evil raise a problem for those who believe in god?
Why do Malians take part in the tea ritual?
Why is there Mass?
Why are you African American with silky Caucasian Hair?
Why is gluttony a sin?
Why did Matthew Hayden dedicate his life to God?
Why is the Lion of Judah a name of Jesus?
Why should religion be allowed in school?
Why was menno simons important?
Why did god come into the world?
Why is holy week celebrated?
Why might the existence of evil and suffering in the world lead some people to faith in God?
Why do you have chicks for Easter?
Why did god give us environmental responsibilities?
Why did GOd creat the earth?
Why do buildings celebrate religion?
Why do people bring you food when your loved ones die?
Why did the middle colonies have tolerance?
Why did Matthias die?
Why is the angel of the north important?
Why is religion a problem in Ireland?
Why are many religious festivals based around a story?
Why was God mad when David took a census?
Why do you cry when you are happily relieved?
Why do you see a rainbow in the sky?
Why are religious holidays important?
Why is being open to God important?
Why is God a squirrel?
Why would you ask to be honest on a reference form?
Why did God give hezekiah 15 more years to live?
Why do religions use music and dance to communicate with gods?
Why does Religion see Science as a threat?
Why do people get religious vocations?
Why does the devil hate you?
Why is spirituality important in Australia?
Why did Carrie Underwood write Jesus take the wheel?
Why are reason and experience search tools of religion?
Why did Jesus give the name Peter to Simon?
Why do you think the Christian church came to be ruled by a hierarchy?
Why are there so many kinds of christian religions?
Why do most people choose not to believe in God?
Why do the Maasai believe they must care for the environment?
Why are you accountable for actions done out of habits?
Why is Iraq unstable?
Why do Religion Effects the social and political policies of areas?
Why is it wrong to suggest that killing in the name of God is acceptable?
Why did slaves turn to their religion?
Why is god called god?
Why is the mission nuesta senora de la soledad famous?
Why do people cling to corrupt religions that twist the will of god to reach their own goals?
Why did god make you have a middle finger if its a sware?
Why is the vigil service held in th evening?
Why does Joel go listen to Jesus in Bronze Bow?
Why would God create bacteria?
Why are other religions against Jewish people?
Why is jeruslam important?
Why are different items used in communion?
Why do you receive ashes as part of a prayer service or at mass?
Why was ancient tunis important?
Why did god chose a ram out of all his animal?
Why did god make aj katovich?
Why did God create herpes?
Why is pentacost so special?
Why are rituals used in ceremonies?
Why is Mary called the mother of James and not Jesus?
Why is it called good Friday if it was the day Jesus was crucified?
Why are people alive when they will just die later on?
Why do different religions have different calendars?
Why is Egyptian god bes important?
Why have there been no gurus since guru gobind singh?
Why did religion play such an important role in societies?
Why are the women annoyed when janie walks by them in their eyes are watching god?
Why do Muslims fear idolatry?
Why is Jerusalem considered holy to Muslims?
Why is the Book of Mirdad by Mikhail Nimay so expensive on Amazon?
Why does premonition happen?
Why do people cling to the ignorant and totally erroneous concept of gods?
Why are some burial grounds topped with rocks?
Why should you consider culture in health care?
Why do you fail at life?
Why do you celebrate vaisakhi?
Why are you in the coffin?
Why would God let you live and let others die?
Why do people hope?
Why are some constellations visible during winter months and not during the summer?
Why is natural law permanent and unchanging?
Why did god send Moses to find 10 people that believed in him?
Why does God not intervene to help children?
Why do Indians sell flower garlands?
Why did god made different from others?
Why are children so bad?
Why do football players think their religion interrupts with their football?
Why is the Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji so important?
Why did gods have a family tree?
Why have you two different calanders?
Why is religious art important to religious people?
Why is the holy trinity important to christians?
Why do Buddhist wear clothing?
Why did Isi Brauman die?
Why do many homes in Pittsburgh PA have lit candles in the windows?
Why is eros the god of love?
Why does it read as though god created two women in the beginning?
Why did lord make us?
Why is it so important to elzbeita to have a religious symbol in their home?
Why did France people choose America?
Why did Samuel become a prophet?
Why is it polite to snap your fingers after someone reads their poem?
Why did people sleep on the roof of their houses while Jesus was alive?
Why did many people no longer follow Jesus?
Why was the guru granth sahib made?
Why did Moses give so many excuses to God?
Why do christians believe that Jesus died as a ransom?
Why is Spinoza called God Intoxicated Philosopher?
Why is fasting often part of serious religious festivals?
Why is Abraham important to religion?
Why do some countries have only one religion?
Why is it difficult to keep the Jewish laws in the 21st century?
Why did Muhammad meet opposition when he shared his revelations?
Why was it a sin to make human perfection during the rennisance?
Why is it important to have a spiritual covering?
Why is it important to be a good citizen and person?
Why did Oliver Cromwell send parliament home?
Why is it important to learn about different religions beliefs?
Why is Moses described as a historical personality and a spiritual symbol?
Why would you want to pray to God?
Why is Mecca so special?
Why is it that some see dreams that come true?
Why do people hate God for all there problems?
Why was guru nanak a great leader?
Why is the guru granth sahib read?
Why is God not allowed in public schools and are there certain rights you have in school?
Why is oliver cowdery famous?
Why is religion during the renaissance important?
Why was mission Santa Clara made?
Why is it important to face the realities of life?
Why is religion involved in government?
Why do old Muslims prefer young wives?
Why did Ares become a god?
Why does god take no responsibility for his actions?
Why does God have rules for us to follow?
Why do you need to be a Catholic if they killed people before?
Why is school so much fun?
Why have ethnic and religious conflicts divided nations?
Why did James Earl Ray ask for a new jury trial?
Why is Kesh important?
Why did the Celtic people make Celtic crosses?
Why would he need to?
Why did God make the world round?
Why is east Jesus nowhere offensive?
Why do Christianity believe Jesus was special?
Why were the people of Rwanda afraid of witches?
Why is defensive war a special philosophical and religious issue?
Why was Jesus in the middle on the cross?
Why did Jeff Roberts use animal imagery in his artworks?
Why do people who visit the gurdwara have to follow the rules?
Why are public holidays that have religious origins been changed or removed?
Why do people go on religious pilgrimages?
Why is the American religious experience considered uniquely American?
Why might some people think cloning of humans is unethical?
Why is the Mandir important to Hindus?
Why do you have to take your shoes off when entering the gurdwara?
Why is God angry at Satan?
Why is the eye of god on a pyramid?
Why is Vietnam a middle income country?
Why cant yousee heaven from the satellites that orbit the earth?
Why does god not make any miracles anymore?
Why has there been no decent miracle for ages?
Why didnt god stop the 2004 tsunami yet he opened the red sea?
Why do nuns need to be celibate as ones girlfriend wants to become one?
Why do vicars worship god?
Why were the ghost dance lead to a tragic conflict?
Why did Jesus go to India?
Why do you need to go through college to be successful in life?
Why do Taoists believe they should keep a positive relationship with the spirits?
Why do people wash feet at marriage cermonies?
Why did they tolerate the high priest slapping Jesus in the face?
Why did Jesus Cry at Lazarus tomb?
Why do Sikhs carry a comb?
Why do Sikhs were shorts?
Why does many people believe in god that is certainly does not exist?
Why is the Guru Granth sahib kept in a room?
Why do you need religion in your lives?
Why do you need religion in your life?
Why did the gods never die?
Why is Jesus called the Saviour?
Why are holy books so important?
Why would pilgrims go on a pilgrimage?
Why did guru gobind singh start Khalsa?
Why did Jesus select 12 Apostles?
Why was it important for God to reestablish His kingdom on earth?
Why are judges important?
Why is Elia Karzan important?
Why is obeying your parents honouring God?
Why does elizabeth deny that her husband had an affair?
Why are churches decorated?
Why does the watch tower use the misprinted name for god?
Why was the kitchen god so important to the ancient Chinese people?
Why did they name the month January for the two face god?
Why is herritage important?
Why does god love you even when you do wrong?
Why do many religions teach that they are the only ones to have gotten it right when to err is human?
Why do you even believe?
Why is god too big for one religion?
Why do religious people think people are better than animals?
Why should you pray specifically for lost people?
Why do people start religions?
Why do men wear white dish dash and women wear black?
Why is the guru granth sahib the centre of all Sikh beliefs?
Why did priests perform the play in 1945?
Why do you have morals?
Why is religion just English?
Why were cats worshiped like gods and godesess?
Why is Our Lady of Victory named after Mary Mother of God?
Why do polytheists worship many gods?
Why are Jewish festivals important to Jews?
Why is Jesus compassionate?
Why did Henry 8 hate God?
Why was life on the manor often harsh for peasants?
Why is a kanga so important?
Why do people worship Ganesha?
Why is the wedding veil important?
Why did Mormons moved to Utah?
Why is Judaisim the least popular religion?
Why are jaws important?
Why was Jesus chosen to be the son of god?
Why is there evil and suffering?
Why do people believe in religions?
Why did john Calvin convert to a new religion?
Why did the Incas have religious beliefs and practices?
Why did god make Matthew r?
Why was the Greek god of nature pan worshiped?
Why do priest sit at the altar?
Why do they go round the hajj?
Why do males call women sister when they are not related?
Why did people float bread down river after some one died?
Why was freedom of religion important to the colonists?
Why did the ancient Egyptians worship the cat?
Why were they often condemned by the religious right?
Why did Jesus ask about sin versus healing?
Why does Jesus change bread and wine into himself?
Why would religious symbols on government properly violate the separation of church and state?
Why are girls less active then boys in grade 7?
Why do the worshipers cover their heads?
Why did separation become important to Americans?
Why was the Holy land taken from the christains?
Why is the Holy See not part of UN?
Why was polytheism developed?
Why is a dove a Symbol of confirmation?
Why are religious festivals important?
Why are languages and religions examples of cultural diffusion?
Why is the pilgrimage to mecca so important to the religion?
Why did hitler believe in the arian race?
Why is the confirmation important?
Why is the sign of a cross made in baptism?
Why is looking at naked girls bad?
Why is Santiago a place of Pilgrimage?
Why do you use art to express your religion because?
Why do people put Ras in front of their name?
Why did Oscar romero become a prophet?
Why were there churches in the mideval times?
Why are the cardinal virtue women?
Why would a Jewish person give up their faith after the Holocaust?
Why are rules important in religion?
Why would rulers want to control religion within their country?
Why didnt qutezlcoatl like temples with sharp edges?
Why do people go on religious journeys?
Why were people fed up with the Roman Catholic Church in the 16th Century?
Why do people believe that Heaven is on earth?
Why did the US become involved in Vietnam after world war 2?
Why do Buddhists have festivals on the full moon?
Why is water of significant in pilgrimages?
Why is intercession necessary?
Why did Odysseus make an offering to the gods?
Why did Okonkwo resist the new political and religious order?
Why do males call women sister when they dont know each other well?
Why do people go on religious pilgramiges?
Why did monks exist?
Why does Satan do things which are not Holy even though he knows he is going to the hell?
Why was water so precious in Jesus time?
Why did Conrad Grebel care so much about being accountable to god?
Why does God sometimes call individuals names twice?
Why did god give us freedom of religion?
Why do people turn to religion?
Why do you need to touch your forehead before and after the prayer?
Why does religion called the core subject?
Why are moral issues discussed in religious education?
Why did god make white people?
Why is it easier to ask for permission than for forgiveness?
Why is it difficult to determine the origins of Shinto?
Why did egyptuins believe in gods?
Why is the trinity not polytheism?
Why are those who have the opinions about what GOD should do are those who never read the BIBLE or no little about who GOD is?
Why do people believe in more than one god?
Why is rome holy?
Why did god make bruises?
Why dont Jewish consider themselves caucasian?
Why is Muhammad called the messenger of god?
Why are religious festivals useful?
Why is it that when anyone walks past you they faint?
Why is it called after the greek god of the sea?
Why was the religion of south America different than other religions?
Why did the Protestants hate the theatres?
Why are funeral rites important to religious believers?
Why did art have a religious significance to the Romans?
Why do religious people need to have rules for living?
Why do people eat the sedar meal?
Why do people celebrate different religions?
Why is the ourfather the best of any prayer?
Why is your prayer efficasious?
Why is the holy bible called a library?
Why are religious people willing to die for their beliefs?
Why are goats the devils helpers?
Why is homosexuality morally right?
Why do people have separate religions?
Why do you need to do theology?
Why do you have to sign the cross before you start your prayer?
Why do people like religions?
Why do religious believers worship?
Why are symbols and rituals important to cultures?
Why would one wear a cloak?
Why should you retain your language and culture?
Why did siddhartha guatama start a new religion?
Why is it good that changes physical spiritual mental take place during adolescence?
Why do religions have battles?
Why do Sikhs give offerings to guru granth sahib?
Why does God allow evilness?
Why do Hindus give food to their gods?
Why is it important to study different religions?
Why are the sacraments are sensible and material sign?
Why was changunarayan listed in world heritage?
Why should religious schools be funded?
Why cant there be one religion in the world?
Why do men call women sister when they barely know them?
Why do you find yourself in a deep mind state where you are unable to stop thinking about your life and the problems in it and when you realize things the problems become magnified?
Why is there no comedy in religion?
Why is Iona a place of pilgrimage?
Why is the swayambhunath called swayambhunath?
Why does religion lead people to believe in god?
Why is it a good idea to pilgrimage to a garden?
Why did the prophet remove the idols from the kaaba?
Why were the religious artifacts on the Mary of such interest?
Why did Germans and Scandinavians experience less discrimination?
Why did desmond tutu get a nobel peace prize?
Why did God command us to praise and worship him?
Why do religions encourage charity work?
Why is Gig Young buried in Waynesville NC?
Why do men call women sister all the time when they arent relatives?
Why is food in religon in food so important?
Why do they cover the genital region in cloth with him on the tree?
Why is harmless good feeling sexual intercourse wrong according to the Bible?
Why do you have to go on pilgrimage?
Why do people find the Blue mosque so significant?
Why do you see satanic death heads on tombstone urns?
Why did god use material mean?
Why does mankind create?
Why did god make life only on earth?
Why was the lords prayer added at AA meeting and when?
Why do churchs face the east?
Why is a man a moral animal?
Why does holy scripture become sacred?
Why did prophet Elijah attack king Ahab?
Why do we question god existence?
Why has religion caused people to not believe that Almighty God exists?
Why are religious beliefs important?
Why was geb a green god?
Why should Jerusalem be partitioned?
Why did people fight in the second crusade?
Why does the name Paul keep coming into my life?
Why does a person who acts bad always thinks that another person that acts good makes you feel you are not good enough for them even though this person could help you?
Why was the story entitled faith love time and dr lazaro?
Why does cafod help?
Why did the british wantedan empire lan money power religion?
Why are presbyterian churches numbers?
Why is a mihrab important on a mosque?
Why are Filipinos too religious?
Why is vaisakhi important?
Why was the cane banned?
Why are religious people violent?
Why do you think that Christians have gone on believing that god can heal people?
Why do people place ceramic owls on top of buildings?
Why do the appliances make a strange noise when they are operated by inverter but they do not make such sound when they are operated by power by transmission?
Why does the media focus on the bad sides of people?
Why does God still help the bad when they dont even think of the things that God does for them?
Why would you go to Hell?
Why do people kill animals to eat and also sacrifice them for prayers?
Why is God and Dog the same word but just backwords?
Why has god forsaken this earth?
Why did god make everything?
Why should He, if He created it in the first place?
Why was the bible translated into Latin?
Why are the 3 egypcian god cards sometimes brown and sometimes yellow blue and red?
Why does the Old Testament only have 46 books?
Why does Bethany miller believe in god?
Why do you study religions?
Why cant you remember scriptures?
Why is it that there are many religious sects?
Why do some people worship Satan instead of God?
Why was the lead guitarist of U2 designated the nickname edge?
Why do Muslims follow the hijri calendar?
Why is st Benedict the father of western monastecism?
Why will God punish the leviathan according to plasm 27verse 1?
Why do some people think they are God?
Why did god establish the government?
Why is natashka special?
Why are churches having challenges in recruiting volunteers?
Why does God make the donkey speak in Numbers 22?
Why do politicians use class warfare to try to achieve their social goals?
Why does God kill innocent children?
Why is religion significant?
Why do hermits stay in the mountains?
Why is it important to acknowledge that your socialization varies based on your gender race class and religion?
Why did people worship Odin?
Why is god referred to as Hughie in relation to the weather?
Why do catholic and posadents sometimes get into fighting each other and whats it all over?
Why is there evil in the world if god is good and all that he created is good?
Why do you behave in which way you behave?
Why do woman make you worship their feet?
Why did the first poutama pattern change?
Why does God allow some to live in chronic pain?
Why do people not believe in the Lord?
Why is it that when you walk with god everthing get more herder?
Why does God prevent some bad things from happening while allowing even more bad things to happen to innocent people?
Why do some countries have symbols?
Why do we have to be imperfect in order to be alive?
Why is the church a mystery?
Why do you shake during transfiguration?
Why does god fight for his people?
Why did the African Americans have to get there inventionpatent?
Why does not god listen to your prayers although they are for good things in your life?
Why does Wikipedia sound like a religion?
Why did God allow evil to enter the world?
Why did God make us able to have sexual feelings for almost any attractive person of the opposite sex?
Why did god create the stars?
Why did Spiritual Pieces break up?
Why did God create human beings last?
Why is the assuption so holy?
Why will Satan have more converts than God?
Why do I have two holes down there?
Why did Elizabeth demonstrated moderation in her religious policy?
Why is baptism relevant to us today?
Why would you say this to someone you care about?
Why did god choose to heal the leper from syria rather than a leper in israel?
Why is belief considered as an element of religion?
Why does your soul need to be revived?
Why is a religion a universal institution?
Why do Ghana education remove religious and moral education from the topic?
Why are pigs considered bad to eat in some religions?
Why do people still believe in god?
Why do people believe in people like Jim Jones of jonestown?
Why is Arkansas pronounced arkansaw?
Why is commitment important to spiritual growth?
Why is a man married for 27 years at 49 years old attached obsseced to his dying mother for three years 4 weeks ago she past away can not except death and has placed her on the thrown next to god?
Why do some christions say oh your god?
Why did the Shinto religion start?
Why does God not help a person who is in a bad situation even when the person is really repenting it?
Why is religion a universal institution?
Why is praise and worship important?
Why would a mini cross necklace turn black?
Why did god let you have an extra marital affair?
Why would God like creation to live in harmony?
Why did hazrat khadiga want to marry holy prophet?
Why is master bation a sin?
Why did dutch people move to Nz?
Why is mount fuji so important to followers of the Shinto religion?
Why did the sumariens strive to searve their gods?
Why did Erasmus become a monk?
Why is complex religions an important feautre to civilization?
Why do young people in some cultures get painted on?
Why do plies admire god?
Why would salutary neglect give the colonist the idea they could give themselves rights?
Why does religion make people violent?
Why do you need gods?
Why did god make rocks?
Why did the Egyptian Gods stand with one foot in front of the other?
Why did the Smerians gods existed?
Why might Jung have criticised Adler as being too concerned with power?
Why douse god love you?
Why do you think God created us with varied or different talents?
Why do you feel so confused?
Why do some people do a saltless fast during purtassi?
Why do your think that people would believe they got fire by stealing it from the gods?
Why did eliseo soriano left the Philippines?
Why did the Babylonian exile in relation to God?
Why is it important to know Gods name?
Why is it that everyone seems to be forcing religion on other people when America offers a freedom of religion option which is completely legal and harmless?
Why is polygamy wrong if the wives are okay with it?
Why did the people think that gods lived on mount Olympus?
Why did Abubakr go into the cave before the Prophet entered?
Why were the slaves held in captivity for 7 years?
Why are there different types of religion if god is one?
Why do people follow a fabricated christian religion and refuse to think a little?
Why do religious groups exist in most cultures?
Why do Antipholus of Syracuse and his slave Dromio decide to leave Ephesus?
Why would someone hang a dead chicken on your front porch?
Why do cardinals wear red and is there some religious reason or event in history that led to this decision?
Why do so many people reject God?
Why does a young boy age 10 refuse to sleep in his bedroom after visiting his brother in the emergency room?
Why should any person be god?
Why have people throughout history fought in the name of religious freedom?
Why do you think there are so many words to describe god?
Why is studing RE so important?
Why did many African Americans have to return to plantations?
Why is it important to study RE?
Why is Mary the churches model disciple?
Why is there violence in football?
Why are onions not used in food preparation during the Hindu celebration of Navratras?
Why do you give thanks to god at mass?
Why did Greeks believed that their gods had perfect human forms and qualities?
Why is God everlasting?
Why is Jersualem holy?
Why are there two spellings of maccabees and cachabees?
Why do people follow religions?
Why did God make us all different?
Why is religion part of Filipino culture?
Why do Muslims bow in front of Kaaba?
Why do TV evangelists make so much money?
Why does John Constantine have empty bottles of water in his room in the movie Constantine?
Why does man need to live in communities?
Why is iconography of death important for initiation into religion?
Why did God create cheetahs?
Why is religion important for us?
Why do pupills study religion in secondry school?
Why have beliefs?
Why is religious studies important in multifaith Britain?
Why did the sikism began?
Why is religious education important to us?
Why did the Jews have trouble accepting only one god?
Why is renaisance compared t re birth?
Why is the world divided into religions?
Why is religious studies important?
Why are there different religious believes?
Why do people perform barahmasi that is feeding of a pandit who says some prayers rituals one year after death of a person?
Why was Mary attacked for her religious beliefs?
Why would a female dress up in a white gown then be prayed over?
Why did God instruct Noah to build the ark?
Why are there wars over religion?
Why does the prophet Nathan rebuke David?
Why are the leaders of the VHP afraid of truth?
Why are there so many different religions?
Why might editors have chosen to place a long story about the ark at the beginning of the story of Israelite monarchy?
Why should a prayer be permitted at public school ceremonies?
Why do people feel they need to help others to feel better about themselves after doing less than perfec deeds through their life?
Why does God make us search for happines?
Why did the Dutch settlers practice religious toleration?
Why did the Aztecs sacrifice human beings to their gods?
Why was the kiyomizu temple built?
Why was religion so important in the 16th Century?
Why have to study different types of personality?
Why is evolutionism more widely believed than creationism when in all my years of studying I have seen equal evidence for each?
Why is evolutionism more widely believed than creationism when the big bang theory is so flawed?
Why do you think the Maya believe in the gods who controlled what happen in earth?
Why was religion so important in the 1500s?
Why is it important to believe in other people?
Why is God Silent while evil ranges?
Why is incest forbidden?
Why do the Indians worship the Nature?
Why do the Copelands always hide Kellies scandals?
Why was Europe in religious dispute?
Why do cristians describe god as the light?
Why is religion important for society?
Why is the populorum progressio is written?
Why did Andrew Lloyd Webber write Pie Jesu?
Why are the answers to prayers sometimes what people do not expect?
Why do Buddhists wear orange robes?
Why did the etruscans build their temples to face east?
Why did many people convert to protestant religions?
Why is the third time always a charm?
Why may the study of theology not be the same as the study of religion?
Why do you think god allows suffering?
Why do Muslims think humans are important?
Why doesnt other countries have religious freedom?
Why are the cities of mecca and medina important?
Why did Muhammed meet with opposition when he shared these revelations?
Why would religious freedom be different for pilgrims in America pigrims here?
Why would you expect a servant of God to be a godly leader?
Why did the religion hindusim begin?
Why was the movement which Haji Shariatullah started named as Faraizi Movement?
Why do people believe in Muhammad?
Why should one have to make sacrifices for others?
Why do people pratice religion?
Why has God abandoned his people?
Why is medina important to Muslims?
Why did the English place flower petals on a death bed?
Why do boys do girls wrong?
Why did God take so much from Job?
Why do some men and women decide to live in religious orders?
Why did God create the planets?
Why doesnt god love sam riley?
Why are Zackery and Riva no longer married?
Why does god need a cause?
Why do people wear religious logos?
Why did people make religious things?
Why are religious buildings not a waste of money?
Why does author Robert ShermanNix III of the Pen of Peace relate that ungracefull souls seeks pleasure or pain or produce more yet involves sin from debt for becoming ignoble causing instant defeat?
Why do Muslim celebrate idulfitri?
Why did the people of catalhoyuk use clay balls?
Why should your religion be The Nation Of Gods and Earths?
Why did the Church appeal to the poor?
Why is the Hagia Sophia important?
Why are children not allowed to pray in school?
Why could the design argument possibly lead to someone believing in god?
Why did Tajikistan pass the new law on religion?
Why are people outcast by society?
Why does God allow abuse to children?
Why is behavior regarded as a main form of communication?
Why are you use clean water?
Why do problems arise between different religious groups?
Why is religious education is important?
Why did colonies started religious freedom?
Why is learning religious studies so important?
Why do you think the constitution does not cite God or mention religion in any direct way?
Why was Stephen sentenced to death?
Why is the Guru Granth Sahib worshipped the way it is?
Why do they hide the fact extra terrestrials exist?
Why was the pyramid shape so significant to religion?
Why did it take so long for religion to start?
Why did china not have an organized religion or a priestly class?
Why do religions organize space in distinctive patterns?
Why did religion have a big impact on education?
Why was religion so important in Shakespeare?
Why do pilgrims go to Walsingham?
Why is religion in all forms often looked down on?
Why did some belief systems not become religions?
Why do Hindu parents arrange marriages?
Why is the sea of galille a constant place of pilgrimage?
Why are Egyptian gods and goddesses so important?
Why do rastafarian worship?
Why was Issac blessed by God?
Why did Saul visiter sSammul home?
Why is light used in worship?
Why do you use timelines in history?
Why is the church a she?
Why were you not allowed to paint religious motives in Holland during 1600?
Why is China polytheistic?
Why did mystery religions die out?
Why was heaven created?
Why did the zealots dislike Jesus?
Why is there such a thing as religion?
Why do gods look different?
Why do religious people have a different diet?
Why are Quakers important?
Why do mendindites wear skirts?
Why are men everlasting and God is eternal?
Why do some people hate talking religion?
Why was George fox a religious leader?
Why do babies have religious ceremonies to welcome them into a faith?
Why is conflict likely when two or more religious factions occupy the same region?
Why do you think order is important?
Why was Ashokas called the Maharajadhiraja or Beloved of the Gods?
Why do you think being part of an organized religion is necessary?
Why do most people in Iran have this religion?
Why doesnt god help us in your condition?
Why was Moral Diplomacy put into affect?
Why was the white pagoda temple built?
Why would raising the dead throw everything off balance?
Why did the first caliphs begin a military conquest of other religions?
Why are there difrent religion?
Why is participation an important act of worship?
Why are little kids so purple?
Why do Sikhs carry the guru granth sahib over their head?
Why is praying religious?
Why should I be saved?
Why did many new religions and philosohies apper during the Hellenistic age?
Why is puja important to hindus?
Why should you pray God when one can live with honest living happily without even thinking about him?
Why is the Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji a sign of respect?
Why does the world mission month celebrated in October?
Why does the U2 song For the First Time end so quickly?
Why do christian hate on each other?
Why does god only tell one person and not every one at once?
Why is the mass considered the highest form of worship?
Why was baal worship so enticing?
Why is it necessary to assure ourselves particular religion?
Why is tihar celebrated?
Why was the chamber of lepers in the temple?
Why is the word of God important to a faith journey?
Why were the Roman leaders so opposed to the rise of a new religion amon their subjects?
Why was the face of patriarch Alexy II of Moscow and All Russia covered during his funeral in 2008?
Why was earth named after an ancient god?
Why is religious experience altered state?
Why did the greek build temples on hills?
Why was the first alphabet made?
Why are prayer hats important to male Muslims when they prey?
Why do Moslems not use dogs to search for earthquake victims?
Why do you need your brain?
Why do we need evidence that god does not exist when no one has evidence that god does exist?
Why is the saying In God you Trust getting taken off money?
Why do some people not have souls?
Why do many folktales have religious themes?
Why is it important for a religious believer to attend their Place of Worship?
Why do religious people agree with parole?
Why are religious orders important?
Why did not god create man with the ability to know what women really?
Why is it important to allow yeast bread to rise in a warm place before putting the bread in a hot oven?
Why did the sumerians think that the forces of natures were gods and what three?
Why should Muslims and Christians treat each other as brothers and sisters?
Why do people go on pilgrimages to the holy land?
Why is God like a smooth stone?
Why would Maimonides and Judah Halevi be on different sides?
Why did the Jewish come to colonial Georgia?
Why did God make the Butt Crack so long?
Why would you pay Charon to send you to hell?
Why is staugustine a role model for pilgrims?
Why do religions need ingredients?
Why do witches wear pointy hats?
Why should god be taken out of your schools?
Why do plabeans not like other religions?
Why is Christianity a popular religion?
Why do the Greeks please the gods?
Why does Religious forced migration take place?
Why is community important within religion?
Why does god not create people in the same character?
Why do you have different religious symbols?
Why do you ask?
Why dont people believe in god because of upbringing?
Why is shadow not formed by brahadeshwara temple?
Why does one part of Philippines has suffer plenty kinds of typhoon?
Why is Luke BM not out on Sat?
Why did god create mankind?
Why was god so important to europeans?
Why did God create Satan even when he already known that Satan will be corrupted by evil?
Why does he create humans, that he knows wont believe in him?
Why is religion such a contention among people?
Why do people believe in witches Why would God create something like that?
Why is curcumsion important to Jewish people?
Why would you not want to have been born?
Why is the guru granth sahib treated as a person?
Why does god seem unreal?
Why is sexuality a great gift of God?
Why did egytians rap animals?
Why did the egyptains worship thoth?
Why do some religions have a day of rest?
Why do Christians believe that the body is a gift from God?
Why does God not answer prayers?
Why did Robert Mackenzie Beverley use the name Gathercoal in his 1835 book The Posthumous Letters of the Reverend Rabshakeh Gathercoal?
Why did GOD make mold and urinating?
Why do people carry out worship as a part of their religion?
Why does god listen to prays in church more often?
Why is Garden of the Gods important to Colorado?
Why is there a silver ring on your Japanese prayer beads?
Why were settlers in rhode island free to choose whatever religion they wanted?
Why is freedom of religion important in the US?
Why do celebrities have multiple titles before their names?
Why do muslims believe going on hajj is an important way to learn about equlity?
Why was religion important in mesopotamia?
Why should Christians not take Christians to court?
Why was religion important to king Henry VIII?
Why is the English bell rope sally called a sally?
Why is the temple of vesta important to Rome?
Why do you say that scripture and tradition are so linked that one cannot stand without the other?
Why does the grim reaper have a sythe?
Why was tefnut the god of moisture?
Why did the earlychristains use symbols?
Why do stretch marks come and go?
Why does Westbourough baptist church come up whenever I click a link?
Why do Americans eat pork?
Why did religions of conflict dualism emerge?
Why is tragedy difficult to understand?
Why is prayer so important?
Why do catholics give up something for lent?
Why cant you fully understand god?
Why is France able to produce large amounts of food?
Why was it the worst of times for zacharias?
Why do people light candles on graves is it a sign of prayer or some other meaning?
Why does china celebrate Chinese new year?
Why is the day of the dead popular holiday?
Why do people believe that God exists as 3 persons in one being when the bible never says such thing?
Why did the chrisians in rome believe in God?
Why do people sit here on answerscom and answer questions all day?
Why do people have crosses blessed?
Why do so many people worship god?
Why are humans paranoid in the darkness?
Why did people think that the laughing liberator was the face of Jesus?
Why do they put the guru granth sahib to bed at night?
Why is the guru granth sahib treated in such a way?
Why do people carry out worship as part of their religion?
Why are festivals essential part of religion?
Why is the temple in Jerusalem so important to the isrealites?
Why do most religions consider homosexuality a sin?
Why do people not follow God?
Why are africans regarded as notoriously religious?
Why do more people believe in heaven than in hell?
Why are us trops in the holy lands?
Why has the mirror been called as a four cornered god?
Why do people prayers in churches?
Why was cart set up a religion to the African and Christian?
Why do liberal protestants only allow babies to be baptized?
Why is there hyrogliphics on temple walls?
Why are candles placed on altars during the Day of the Dead?
Why is amritsar so important to religious believers?
Why do religious people disagree on research of embryos?
Why do we need to pray?
Why do religious people do certain things?
Why are kachinas important to the Hopi?
Why do you celebrate chinese new years?
Why does Medici reflects the early Italian Renaissence and Could it have taken place without people like the Medici?
Why is Canterbury such a holy place?
Why did religious leader emerge in mesopotamina?
Why do people go to tazie?
Why is the devil a red creature?
Why are the people ceremonies when some one died?
Why was religion a major issue to the Anglo settlers in Texas?
Why are gods and goddesses blue?
Why did Egyptiams build temples?
Why do you think conflicts arose between people of different religion in some colonies?
Why are you afraid of Allah?
Why is it that kanrak temple is special?
Why is the alliteration in Glory to God for dappled things?
Why are many religious believers against the fur and ivory trade?
Why is deity important in religion?
Why do humans perform rituals?
Why were the gods upset with chalchiutlicue?
Why do we call William Words Worth the worshiper of Nature?
Why do many Christians believe that it is better to give the poor long term aid rather than short term aid?
Why are holy men and women spiritual advisors?
Why is sernutarzi the name of the devils son?
Why does god return after a long absence?
Why is kiangsi holy?
Why is Canterbury an important religious centre?
Why do Muslims trace their religious origins back to Abraham?
Why do rastafarians have that hairdo?
Why is guru granth sahib and important source of authorty for Sikhs?
Why do people join religions?
Why do young people belong to a religion?
Why do people have different religions but the same emotions and feelings expressed in crying?
Why do hara Krishna followers where orange clothes?
Why do Sikhs have these beliefs?
Why was religon as well as worsipping gods so important to t ancient eyptians?
Why was religion important to mesopotamia?
Why did god give over 600 commandments?
Why do you feel guilty when you sin?
Why was religion created?
Why did God bring animals to the first humans?
Why do some religious people beilve that having a savior sibling is wrong?
Why do some religious people believe that having a savior sibling is wrong?
Why do you have RE or Religious Education?
Why were people selling animals at the Temple?
Why did religious people want to reform the church in medieval times?
Why is religion refered to as the opium of the society?
Why do people believe in regligion?
Why do some people choose not to have a religion?
Why do certain Christians get everything handed to them such as positions when others are left out in the cold?
Why are religions of the east difficult for westerners to comprehend?
Why did ancient egyptians believe that their gods lived very much like humans?
Why did the conflict start between religions?
Why do most scientists not believe in God?
Why are there so many different organisation churches in the world?
Why is religion so important in Jerusalem?
Why were there so many religious reform and utopian movements in the antebellum united states?
Why do many religious people need and use imamge of god?
Why are there problems with stem cells and ethics religion and politics?
Why is god bless America so funny?
Why do people laugh when they say god bless America?
Why should we fear the devil?
Why do we have different type or religions?
Why was the birth of christinaty important?
Why do people visit temples?
Why do people have religions in Mexico?
Why do you close your eyes when you pray?
Why are there many diverse religious practices?
Why waslettering used in Celtic artwork?
Why did they build the temple of abu simbel?
Why did the gods get upset with chalchiuhtiicue?
Why was desmond tutu famous?
Why is Alice bot a god?
Why does a religion need commandments?
Why do people call Gandhi a light?
Why is the niv so different and leaves out scriptures?
Why do some religions reject contraception?
Why were tha animals religious in Egypt?
Why did he write it Who was his greatest critic What did this critic write against Edwards?
Why do some cultures and religions have creation myths?
Why do people worship removers of problems?
Why does the bible describe heaven and hell and at the same time says when you die you will know nothing and be aware of nothing?
Why do you go to the temple?
Why is it said that if you see an owl someone you love or is close to you will die?
Why would you not fight for your country?
Why did Jesus challenge the pious leaders in Jerusalem?
Why are religious symbols important to religious believers?
Why are there no living things on prayer mats?
Why is Kaka so religious?
Why were strict catholics unhappy with unhappy with Elizabeth the 1 religious settlement?
Why do altered states of consciousness from the use of same drugs produce different results and visions in different cultures?
Why do Sikhs pray together?
Why do god parents light baptismal candle from the pascal candle at church?
Why are the four phophets caleed major prophets?
Why was hathor the goddess worshiped?
Why was Guru Nanak a Guru?
Why was was the reason people was made?
Why do people write prayers of petiton?
Why was judaism created in Canaan?
Why was religion so important to the people of Constantinople?
Why did the writer put into writings the tradition and events?
Why do they dowhen thay are called to prayer?
Why do white pilgrims move to the us?
Why was Florence Nightingale a woman used of God?
Why does the soul have to evolve?
Why is religion an important part of Italian culture?
Why did Henry II not like the church courts?
Why is marjie best friends with god?
Why is meeca a holy place?
Why is genesh worshiped?
Why are people more prejudice when very religious?
Why were gods buried in pyrimids?
Why do you think of god as a human?
Why do you need to love the poor?
Why did explorers want to spread religion?
Why does God answer your prayers?
Why do pilgrims go to Lindisfarne UK?
Why is going to mass the best way to worship god?
Why do buddists beilive in reincarnation?
Why do chuches have stories on their stained glass windows?
Why was spiritual mediumship more physical in the past?
Why are there doves in your house?
Why do Hindu people take their shoes and socks off before entering the place of worship?
Why do religious conflicts occur?
Why is Amrit so important to Sikhs?
Why is Wikianswers so much less popular that Yahoo Answers?
Why did heaven kill grandma?
Why is religion really help man in achieving his in heaven?
Why did tafari create this rastafarianism religion?
Why does the mayflower compact begin with in the name of god?
Why should we honour God?
Why was religion and ethnics such a big part of the Bosnian war?
Why should we care about their religion?
Why should be a god fearing person?
Why does every one has to do religion?
Why do people disagree with evoultion?
Why does Descartes say that he now needs to ask whether there is a god?
Why were rama and sita exiled?
Why do people in Finland practice the same religion as people in sweeden?
Why did women wear coifs and bonnets?
Why is Ephesus so special?
Why was religion importent?
Why is promiscuity not acceptable to many religious believers?
Why was there religious persecution in the 1600s in England?
Why did god gave us 2 ears and 1 mouth?
Why was hurcules worshiped?
Why was Canaan chosen as the Promised Land when there are numerous better lands in the world?
Why is religious holiday important?
Why is Bruce angry with god?
Why do Evolutionists always argue and split up into different groups?
Why are some dioceses larger than others?
Why did the gods get upest with chalchiutlicue?
Why would a roman put a little clay foot by a statue at a temple?
Why is Egypt important in Judaism?
Why did motherteresa shifted service from god to poor and needy?
Why do people think that faith and religion are the same thing?
Why was amun worshipped?
Why do people go on pilgrimage in all faiths?
Why is Catholic the second most popular religion?
Why is the santa hat always itch when you put it on?
Why is the cross importan to the religion?
Why was religion important to slaves?
Why does a husband talk bad about his wife?
Why is myth important to religions?
Why was there a church across the street from Rochester?
Why are religious groups against saviour siblings?
Why do religions have different rules?
Why do you kneel for god?
Why do Jews take 3 steps forward during prayer?
Why do people in the 16th century prepared to go to war over religious differences?
Why were African Americans called exodusters?
Why is suffering a problem for people who believe in god?
Why is Patch Adams a model like Jesus?
Why do we need to keep changing denominations?
Why was the flag changed in 1818?
Why is testimony important in a religious ceremony?
Why might Milton have chosen to include a direct statement of purpose at the beginning of paradise lost?
Why does determinism not disprove religion?
Why do it states one nation under god in the Pleadge of Allegiance?
Why does god want us to die in 2012 is this him or is this the mayans fault?
Why is religious beliefs an ongoing struggle for people?
Why did God call Bezalel and Aholiab by name?
Why was irrigation important to the people of Mesopotamia?
Why do Hindu people go to a temple to worship their God?
Why was God angry when Israel worshiped idols?
Why cant the gods retrieve the bolt themselves?
Why are metals god conductors of electricity and heat?
Why did people of many different cultures and religions settle the Middle Atlantic Colonies?
Why is pearl so interested of the scarlett letter?
Why do people choose to worship ganesha?
Why was god important?
Why is the book of leviticus called the book of atonement?
Why did Saul change from Judaism to Christianity?
Why do you think philosopy and religion are related to Asian history?
Why is roman catholithism the most common religion in Mexico?
Why did Cendrillon told her god mother no more spells?
Why did Cendrillon tell her god mother no more spells?
Why is it that when people die they are laid out in caskets?
Why do religious people believe that suicide is wrong?
Why might someone choose to convert to Judaism?
Why is life valued?
Why do you value life?
Why do hindus do puja?
Why did Vikings believe their gods gave special honors and favors to people who like them?
Why did many europeans faithful to the old church?
Why is lying a sin?
Why did frderick Douglass question the religious justification for slavery?
Why do people speak impurely?
Why did the sumerians consider it everyones responsibilty to keep the gods happy?
Why do people suggest religion is as old as human life?
Why do you wear white when you get baptized?
Why is a numinous burnt offering immolation to Almighty God in Exodous considered as a sin offering Biblically speaking?
Why does Almighty God approve of the combustion of filthy charcoal in the tome of Exodus twenty four as a temporary indulgence sin offering?
Why would a spiritual person touch your back?
Why did Obama PSK court seal his hidden imam Indonesia madrassa records then admit later in Egypt that his Islamic religious beliefs were true?
Why do Hindus go to a mandir?
Why has pilgrimages among young people increased?
Why do people wear religious fesse?
Why does God send Death o summon Everyman?
Why is the payment to Caesar significant for current arguments about social cohesion?
Why does Ruth say your God instead of adoni?
Why did the Egyptian people worship the gods so much?
Why is Christian the most common religion in west central Europe?
Why is Israel important in history?
Why do you light a new candle everyday?
Why did Stnicholas dedicate his life to god?
Why are the colors blue white silver associated with Hannakua?
Why is it a church that you get christened in?
Why were the ancient israelites in exile?
Why is this ritual ceremony important to that religion?
Why did many religion groups in Europe face persecution?
Why did the church oppose lay investiture?
Why do people serve god?
Why are moral lessons of she stoops to conquer?
Why does God send his own children to hell?
Why should you idolize god?
Why do hondus have so many gods?
Why has ganesh got four arms?
Why is Jerusalem considered such a holy city to so many religions?
Why did the Muslims fight for their religion in west Africa?
Why do pagans have many gods?
Why did the Romans take the gods and goddesses?
Why does Senate sing God Bless America while voting to approve federal subsidized abortions on Immaculate Conception Holiday?
Why do people worship sun moon stars?
Why did the Egyptians accept the sun worship religion?
Why did the Mesopotamians make statues of their gods?
Why are daruma dolls burned at a temples?
Why do Indian people worship the lotus flower?
Why did the Mormons move from New York to Utah?
Why was exodus from Egypt so important?
Why was God silent for 400 Years?
Why does the antarctican generation y perform so much better than the American generation y in the areas of English and mathematics and social grace?
Why is poverty evil?
Why were the Medici seen as the fathers of the Renaissance?
Why was the church upset with the experiments Gregor Mendel was performing?
Why was the church upset with gregor mendel?
Why did father gilligan ask god to forgive him?
Why did George Fox found Quakerism?
Why do the reformed churches believe that they can look down from heaven after death?
Why did the chumash believe in god?
Why is religion commonly considered a significant featureof social identity?
Why is conversion necessary to live in the Reign of God?
Why did the Mayans worship nature gods?
Why did faith and religious certainty begin to come to an end in seventeenth century?
Why does Thunder Bay celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival?
Why was Asoka called the Royal Monk?
Why does Calvin say that nothing but instant death is offered by the law?
Why is holy places important?
Why do insects do worship?
Why do people think religious people fast?
Why did early scientist conflict with the church?
Why is decoration so important in pooja?
Why did Spartans and Athens believe in the same gods?
Why was Mary chosen to be the son of god?
Why is the number 4 signficanence in religion?
Why do you need healthcare services?
Why was Confucianism formed?
Why did GOD give angels freedom of choice?
Why do you celebrate this day in the church?
Why was greek god Hermes fear Persian?
Why is Robert Roman Gay?
Why was martyrdom necessary within the medieval church in Britain?
Why are religious artefacts not helpful to people when praying?
Why was Church central to lives?
Why did Guru Hargobind go to prison?
Why is the guru granth sahib not regarded as a book?
Why was Religious tolerance was an important issue for the early settlers?
Why did some christians object to the presence of icons in church?
Why were Sikhs being persecuted?
Why is religious war so violent?
Why did henrey built a new church?
Why is the paschal mystery important?
Why did suddam Hussein kill religious leaders?
Why was gandi so important?
Why are foreiners so rude when they come to US?
Why did Catherine the Great want the Germans in Russia?
Why did the grim reaper choose a scythe for a weapon?
Why was the belief in many gods appealing to early people?
Why was religion an important civilization feature in Mesopotamia?
Why do many teachers reject prevalent religious beliefs and practices?
Why are younger generations distancing from their religions and cultures?
Why are churches the most segregated places in society today?
Why are you seeking what you have?
Why do parents yell at you all the time?
Why did religious dissenters of all religions leave their homelands?
Why do rappers worship the devil?
Why did Guru Nanak not believe in any religion?
Why is tripura considered as a multi religious place?
Why does god control the world?
Why do Spanish people not like the Muslim religion?
Why do prayers end with Amen?
Why did christofer drew get kicked out of his church?
Why do the Ethiopian christmans is on 7 Jannuary?
Why are the cavilers so god?
Why does these singers worship the devil?
Why would Sikhs use a cinema as there gurdwara?
Why is the pulpit important?
Why do so many more people seem to be promoting lesbian behavior?
Why does the Lotus Temple stand erect?
Why do Jews constantly bow during prayer?
Why have sex with crack whores?
Why is kakuzu call a god?
Why did the Chinese worship their ancestors?
Why are angels nearly always depicted as female?
Why do societies and civilization have religion?
Why can Guru Gobind Singh be seen as a leader?
Why do people go to pilgrimage center?
Why do people who believe in God live longer?
Why didnt god make us perfect?
Why is spirituality so important for many religious people?
Why do Muslims stand at the arafat through the day?
Why is the church font near the door?
Why did peasants support the church?
Why do the Germans let the State collect Kirchensteuer Churchtax?
Why did the clergy and religious accompany the explorers and merchanats on their travels?
Why is religion still around?
Why does the Iglesia Ni Cristo build houses of worship?
Why did the Greeks believe that their gods had perfect human forms and qualities?
Why do some people not consider Confucianism as a religion?
Why is th Guru Granth Sahib sacred?
Why do people like three kings day?
Why do people have Holy water in homes?
Why do people need a god?
Why do Jews worship the god who created the earth and the heaven?
Why was religion important to the Byzantines?
Why should you thank Allah for your food?
Why do religious people use caffeine?
Why might places such as temples mosques or even cities be important to the followers of world religions?
Why did many rulers feel that people should be of same religion?
Why are candels so important in churches?
Why do many religious believers see life as sacred?
Why were the letter books written in the new testament?
Why is there a social room in a gurdwara?
Why is there so many different religions being praticed in the us today then there were in early years?
Why is it not science to study the existence of God?
Why did ancient rome interest in scholors?
Why did Jesus act the way he did in the temple?
Why was a lamb sacraficed in the temple?
Why do some people hate monotheists?
Why is tattoes a sin?
Why did in the ancient days before they went to war they smash clay jars?
Why did god make you a human?
Why have religious beliefs done more harm than good?
Why is religion so boring?
Why do god create ugly people?
Why are people sometimes persecuted because of their beliefs?
Why do religions have festivles?
Why did cave men not have any gods?
Why did the taliban rule end?
Why did the Jews resist the truth?
Why might religion be against xenotransplantation?
Why does the Christmas season start before Thanksgiving?
Why was Jesus saviour?
Why did wiesel say god is dead?
Why did the gods marry there own brother and sisters?
Why is dragons a part of Chinese religion?
Why did moghuls practice religion?
Why is it important to know about different religions?
Why was calligraphy used in religious ART?
Why is the holy meteroid covered with curtains?
Why do children have god parents?
Why are you here poems?
Why did egypians have gods?
Why do Sikhs wear head dresses?
Why is baptism is important?
Why does water link to Jews religion?
Why are so many religions in the US?
Why were their lanterns in the church steeple?
Why is ohios motto with god all things are possible?
Why do Hindu artist combine human an animal figures?
Why do you need god to live?
Why did ancient people worship the moon?
Why do you say the fatama prayer?
Why does God give someone bad pain more than others?
Why was usury frowned upon by the church in the renaissance?
Why will God alow you to stay in a bad work envoirment?
Why are all these banks run by Jews who seem to love money more than their God who is indifferent to wealth?
Why is the rug important in prayer among Muslisms?
Why should you fear the Lord?
Why did god mad afrian people look like that?
Why do some religions not allow pictures of God?
Why do only some people believe in faith?
Why is Mecca a big thing for Muslim?
Why is Karma important to Hindus?
Why can temptation challenge your life?
Why does the sun god have a bird face?
Why do people disagree with the religious way of creation?
Why do tourists visit the holy land?
Why do people often dismiss others expressing feelings of loneliness?
Why should you be afraid of god?
Why did god make a earthquake in hati?
Why would you want to convince an Atheist to do this?
Why is it wrong to say thanks God?
Why do some think it is right to baptise babies?
Why was the parthnon invented?
Why do scientist say there is no God?
Why did Israel make the golden calf?
Why do chatolics believe in forgiveness?
Why was enlil such an important figure in sumerian religion?
Why do you think Africans held so strongly to their own religion?
Why were pharohs believed to be half gods?
Why is agape love hard to show to strangers?
Why is the pulpit imortant to a church?
Why do scientist say that there is no GOD?
Why are ceremonies important?
Why do hindus go owm?
Why do young people become far from God?
Why did Jhon make an enemy of the church?
Why would my preacher from Assembly of god Run pass my husband and I After he found out that myfather had just killed him self?
Why do you think the Judds Came onto Gods Grace?
Why do people just think only of their own religion?
Why is the cosmological argument still relevant?
Why do some churches not give communion?
Why would being a hermit allow someone to be closer to God?
Why do all the gods start laughing and enjoy their feast again?
Why do you call sister thea bowman a prophet today?
Why does Jesus sit on the left side of Mary in artwork?
Why did the World council of churches support communists?
Why do some members from certain religions talk bad about all other religions than theirs?
Why did Elijah tell the prophet to run?
Why is it important to know and understand religious beliefs?
Why does your institution agree on Rh bill when it is against the law of the church?
Why do you think our inner voice is called voice of god?
Why is fire and water used for gods?
Why do so many religions claim to be the only right one?
Why does sal luv zara?
Why do people practice religions?
Why were roads significant to the roman republic and ancient culture and religions of the same time period?
Why did the patriots use lanterns in the church?
Why did the patriots use lanterns in the church tower?
Why do people trust religious leaders?
Why was a church built in portchester castle?
Why did card began the story with Bilhah in the story of Rachel and Leah?
Why was the Protestant revolution sucessfulwhen earlier attacks on the church failed to gain momentum?
Why did God establish resting on the seventh day?
Why was the church in Natchitoches Louisiana changed to a basilica?
Why did bear leave the monastery?
Why does God have such extreme punishment like burning in hell for eternity burning is horrible enough just for 10 minutes why should he torture us?
Why did God choose the land of Canaan to manifest himself?
Why has ritual and religion been called quintessential custom?
Why could you say that the church courts were unfair?
Why are saints called holy?
Why is Hephaephus so lame?
Why do some people pray the sun?
Why are some planets named after Roman gods?
Why is Guru Nanak still important today?
Why did Stephen fall out with the religious authorities?
Why does William byrd discuss religion with bearskin?
Why are cults and sects dangerous?
Why is the event of opening of the chest happen?
Why is postmodern important?
Why are religious buildings so important?
Why does the church stand before the Great White Throne?
Why did religion begin for mankind?
Why do cultures develop beliefs and religions?
Why is the end on December 21st of 2012?
Why do people go to a place of worship?
Why is a local place of worship a community?
Why did god left us?
Why are festivals important to jews?
Why is abortion unacceptable?
Why do westerners hate Muslims?
Why is the tabernacle the most sacred object in the church?
Why do hindus parents supervise their teenagers closely?
Why should parents be able to make medical decisions based on religion for their children?
Why did Josh Billings write there is no revenge so complete as forgiveness?
Why did the religious orders have strick rules?
Why was the temple the gods house?
Why do people believe in the creation?
Why do denominations worship differently?
Why did Sikhs were not allowed to wear turbans?
Why did the Church have to go underground and who raised it to become the state church?
Why did the ghost dance religion make the us government afraid?
Why were religious people led into such travesty in the crucible?
Why do people call Simon Peter the first Pope when he was in fact a roving preacher and was never a Pope?
Why do buddist worship?
Why are church bells important?
Why do people confuse Faith with religions?
Why did Joan of Arc call herself daughter of god?
Why are moral obligations important?
Why is religion of south America important?
Why is it important to know that god is omnipresent?
Why are mandirs in India different to those somewhere else?
Why do people hold different religious beliefs?
Why is god important in your life?
Why is it that the Bahai Faith does not promote baptism?
Why did most of the west African art closely relate to religion?
Why are GOD parents given to the newly baptized?
Why did the french protestants flee after Louis XIV became king?
Why were there religious conflicts in rome?
Why was it that most of the scientific thinkers came from protestant countries?
Why is spiritual healing free to people with aids and syphilus etc?
Why is your church against marriages from outside church?
Why did religion decline in the seventeen and eighteen century?
Why does god get to decide who should live and who dies?
Why do people pilgrim to the santiago de compostela cathedral?
Why are you not suppose to say Yaweh out loud?
Why did god create billions of billions of other planets and stars in the universe when you only live in the planet earth?
Why is there the need to have good interaction among members of a religious home?
Why has vishnu come to earth in different forms?
Why did Jonathan Edwards pray before he started a race?
Why do different religions have their rites of passage at different ages?
Why is it always the woman who starts sabbat?
Why are religious texts used by archaeologists as primary sources?
Why do people obseve religious fast?
Why are the 3 religions related?
Why do humans need the spoken word?
Why do you learn religious studies?
Why did religions play such an important role in the way rulers were regarded in early civilizations?
Why did barbarian kings convert to the roman catholic religion?
Why does cleanthes argue that god has a mind like us?
Why do people believe in god after causation?
Why was Temple of Artemis at Ephesus bulit?
Why was Temple of Artemis at Ephesus built?
Why do united church of christ churches have names as saints?
Why did God say to hate your family?
Why did god give us 2 ears?
Why do male and female sit seprately in a Gurdwara?
Why is it important to baptists to have a sinless life?
Why was psalm 91 written?
Why did the egyptians worship the goddess Isis?
Why is there evil in the world when god is good?
Why is Judaism been defined as a religion?
Why is religion not involved in schools?
Why was the Anglican Church important?
Why is the role of the Holy Spirit in the church?
Why are weak minded people drawn to controlling hypocritical religions?
Why do Sikhs woman and men sit separatly in the gudwara?
Why were the ten commandments sent?
Why is it difficult to clone human cells?
Why is commitment so important?
Why do we go to mass?
Why do religious people need to have various belief and practices?
Why do you need to understand religions in order to understand civilizations?
Why are angels depicted as small and weak and demons look big and strong?
Why is there so much belief in the 2012 theory?
Why does the speaker pray to the melancholy God?
Why did Jesus sacrafice himself?
Why are funeral floral arrangements shaped like triangles?
Why are so many deceived into pursuing the things of the world and neglecting what is from god?
Why do people die for God?
Why do some religions believe you have to die?
Why do men believes that God exist?
Why are christaians against adultry?
Why do almost all presidents describe themselves as religious?
Why did god create the grasshopper?
Why did king James want to control religion?
Why does god tell Moses and Joshua to slay people?
Why is it important for teens to feel god about their body?
Why do Muslims have such a strict diet?
Why was the mission nustra senora De la soledad built were it was?
Why do you think God gave us the Beatitudes?
Why are stave churches built like that?
Why is it called alcoholics anonymous if you have to say your name?
Why did they say god had a stone with rules on it but yet they have no proof?
Why are totems so important for religious practice?
Why does the bride hold her bouquet upside down on the day of the wedding in Romania?
Why did the Islamic faith begin?
Why do the two gods come come down to earth?
Why is Antipholus of ephesus is locked out of his own home?
Why did religious institutions not like transcendentalism?
Why would a Indian family throw eggs at the front of their house?
Why was Leonardo Da Vincu shunned from the church?
Why is having a moral a benifit?
Why were African Americans denied equality America for so long?
Why does a child say hurtful and mean things to you until you break down and after you break down asks for forgiveness?
Why are religions divided into sects?
Why was mission Nestra senora De la Soledad build there?
Why do have religion?
Why do christians have a negative attitude against transplant surgery?
Why would an emperor of rome make christiantity the offcial religion of rome?
Why does Lucy and Susan follow Aslan?
Why does fate have to be so mean?
Why did God make snot?
Why do you go to church on ash wendnesday?
Why is religion important to family life?
Why are religions these days so hipocritical in the way they are all different?
Why does god would not give us powers?
Why do you come on earth?
Why are not justified in doing wrong because of passion?
Why does nature matter to the world?
Why is Everything that occurs is preplanned by the the god is called?
Why does religion teach to help needy?
Why do god have to make people?
Why did egyptinas worship gods?
Why werent Sikhs allowed to wear terben?
Why do christains Fast?
Why was martin Luther concered about the church?
Why did people believe in Neptune the god?
Why is it lent apart of church?
Why are Muslim dicriminate in Australia?
Why is it important to cook a food for a person depending on their religion?
Why does religious extremism exist?
Why did the muggletonian religion die out?
Why do khalsa Sikhs wear short cut hair?
Why was the religion important to the people in the olden days?
Why were there two lights in the church tower?
Why are people Muslims?
Why do budists comunicat with god?
Why do people turn to god?
Why is it important to know about original sin?
Why is ancient Phoenician religion not that well understood?
Why is there still a belief that god does exist?
Why do you ask God for prayer?
Why is prayer seen as being a major part of the lenten season?
Why is the holy communion related to food?
Why do Jews move to Israel?
Why might god bless America struck a chord with so many?
Why was Jonah angry with God?
Why does god make people blind?
Why did the deep south become so religious?
Why was religion important in the medieval times?
Why was there a riot in Ephesus?
Why do religious groups feel the teaching of evolution is controvercial?
Why is the pulpit the main feature in a Baptist church?
Why might farming be the subject of religious ceremonies?
Why is becket called honor of god?
Why do musslims prayer?
Why does one celebrate sashtiathapoorthi at the age of 60?
Why do people believe the sun god of mesoamerica?
Why do terrorists attack other people instead of just themselves?
Why are monks celibate?
Why was the nicaea council important to the early church?
Why were language and religion by themselves not enough to unify the Phoenician people?
Why was the ten commandments built when it was built?
Why dont you like god?
Why do hindues have red dots on there head?
Why is racial harmony day celebrated?
Why is the crucifix the most important thing in church?
Why are religious places special to religious people?
Why is the pentacle associated with the devil?
Why is the holy place important to the christains?
Why do you wish you could be in heaven so badly?
Why would you ask or say there is no God?
Why did god make the Jews sacrifice offerings?
Why do important stages in life have to be marked with a religious ceremony?
Why is juruslem is important to three world religions?
Why do you say through Christ your Laord at the end of many prayers?
Why do you say through Chrit your Lord at the end of many prayers?
Why might Jews want to communicate with God at different times of the day?
Why did pilgrims travel to Sinai?
Why was the gate of the temple called beautiful?
Why do people believe in themselves?
Why do people believe in polytheism?
Why is sunnah important?
Why would it be hard to divide a country based on religion?
Why was MASH many times condemmed by religious rights?
Why are churches used to convert Hindu temples?
Why do bad people exist in this world?
Why did the patrist break away?
Why do you think the soviets were successful in their attempt to destroy religion?
Why do Sikhs give thanks when the monsoon arrives?
Why does Michael in LEgion cut off his wings?
Why is the bible different to the guru granth sahib?
Why do fallen angels possess people?
Why did religion start part of the civil war?
Why are religious festivals relevant to the 21st century?
Why was there religious turmoil during the turdor reign?
Why is the holy spirit important in pentecostal worship?
Why was society dominated by the Islamic peoplein Spain like?
Why does poverty lead to over population in some countries?
Why were the Spanish so strict about their religion?
Why was there no religious control by outsiders in England in the early 16th century?
Why are thre so many religion?
Why was it difficult for Henry ii to rule the church?
Why do religions have traditions?
Why is belief in the afterlife important to people IN GENERAL?
Why should we take In God We Trust off of the US dollar?
Why did theyn take god out of school?
Why is Dhrtarastra fearful about the outcome of the battle?
Why is god divine?
Why did god make animals unable to talk human?
Why is Jane lynch a milf?
Why does Sam Redhead look Chinese?
Why did the greek gods and titans hate each other?
Why did the church object to their beliefs in the scientific revolution?
Why are so unthankful?
Why does a religion with no god need such strict rules?
Why are christians happy when a new child is born?
Why should you not believe in God ?
Why are bans read out in church?
Why does religion matter?
Why was a cat assoiciated with witches?
Why did house churches develop?
Why are church are against of birth control?
Why do you value traditions of your community?
Why do people not change their ways to save the planet?
Why do gods turn people into monsters?
Why did African Americans go to Boston during the great migration?
Why did Judaisms start the religion?
Why does roman gods do not have arms?
Why did the lollards criticise the Catholic church?
Why does Franklin state that he did not affiliate his method with any one specific religion or sect?
Why does psychologist William James focus on individual religion?
Why does god let so many catastrophic event to occur?
Why is Wisdom female?
Why are the charitable works fund injust?
Why cant you open a tomb more then once a year?
Why is the Vatican considered holy?
Why were women sent to convents against their wills?
Why did refugees flee from Chile?
Why do you long to be intimate?
Why is DL Moody a hero?
Why do you have churches?
Why is In God WE Trust on coins?
Why is a kirpan special to Sikhs?
Why is it just as rational to believe in God as it is to not believe in God?
Why do religion often plays a very large part in culture?
Why is three a sacred number?
Why do peopel not beleve in god?
Why is forgiveness so miportant?
Why did religion influence so many laws?
Why are Sikhs have not been allowed to wear turbans in Britain?
Why is three of the major world religions each claim the land that is now Israel?
Why is alcohol called the gift of the gods?
Why did Philip II of Spain start the inquisition?
Why did Napoleon break ties with his family?
Why was et cum spiritu tuo used in Latin mass?
Why is Buddha teaching the eightfold path?
Why did AE Waite close down The Golden Dawn in 1914?
Why is Abraham honored by three religions?
Why do Muslims throw 49 stones at the jamrahs?
Why did the Rastafarians think of Haile Selassie as a god?
Why would someone want to go a Buddhist monastery?
Why do people believe the big bang theory?
Why is praying in school good?
Why did the church become powerful during the Middle Ages?
Why is religion important in early American writing?
Why did Catherine McAuley make a new female religious order?
Why do people have to learn about religion even if they are not religious?
Why has church attendances always fluctuated?
Why is the Gurdwara special to the Sikh community?
Why were the gods trying to kill them in the titans curse?
Why do people disobey god but then turn to him for help?
Why did Mission Nuestra Senora de la Soledad close?
Why do the poor believe in God more so than any other social class?
Why are miracles in action worthwhile?
Why should they repsect there god?
Why do some churches not allow divorces people to marry in church?
Why is Manh Nguyen such a legend?
Why do Sikhs think they are important?
Why is the creator of the universe is always a male god?
Why are George Soros foundations donating funds to mosques?
Why do Jews Worship on a different day as Christains?
Why is it difficult for a African American sharecropper to make a living?
Why is the lion the symbol of Judah?
Why should extraterrestrials negate religion?
Why do pony boy and Johnny rush into the burning church?
Why is it that every time when the religious subject comes up it always ends up going too far?
Why do Sikhs think it is important to have amrit ceremony?
Why do they have picture of god being white?
Why was religion not acceptable?
Why does the world view Christians as cults?
Why should you adore the true God alone?
Why did mr aids go to the church?
Why did the gods tell mythological stories?
Why does god not listen to prays?
Why are religion governments and economies so different throughout the Mediterranean region?
Why does a man to get favor from God when he finds a wife?
Why do people in Africa think its ok to worship other gods?
Why is Patna sahib important to Sikhs?
Why does the moon and sun play a big part in prayer?
Why should African Americans receieve reparations?
Why do orthodox churches face the east?
Why is Mission Nuestra de la Soledad famous?
Why was the church so important in the old times?
Why is worship special?
Why is Lourdes considered holy?
Why are religious people ruining the world due to their ignorance and blatant hatred of intelligence?
Why does Brahma hold a pot in his hands?
Why is god worthy to receive your praise and honor?
Why is Ephesus significant to Jesus?
Why should religious people carry an organ donor card?
Why do people still feel guilty about something when they were already forgiven?
Why did a picture of the Sacred Heart of Jesus turn upside down on my wall It was secure and you do not know how it could have moved What does this mean?
Why is the cover to Their Eyes Were Watching God significant?
Why do you read the word of God when it was edited by man?
Why was the church built?
Why do Sikh girls have to lean how to cook?
Why are African Americans disctiminated?
Why is it important to know that Jesus was not killed by the Jews?
Why did god confuse their tongues when they built the tower of babel?
Why is Christianity the dominant religion in central America?
Why did god give men nibbles?
Why do Sikhs have to have their religion symbol in their house?
Why did the Christians adopt pagan feasts to celebrate Christian observances?
Why do people hate doing the right thing but love doing the wrong thing?
Why did Aquila and Priscilla travel to Ephesus from Corinth?
Why do you involuntarily shed tears thinking of God?
Why did the soldiers give jesus a drink?
Why did farmers want church and state separate?
Why is there a grave for ww1 soldier in holcombe church?
Why do people put myrtle into a coffin with the deceased?
Why did stveronica devote her life to god?
Why is it bad to say oh your god?
Why are church wadents so inportent?
Why did God bite you in the face last night?
Why do you think gods evil?
Why do churches use pink seats?
Why do the spanish wear KLU KLUX clan style hats in religoius processions?
Why are those called by God held to stricter accountability?
Why would God not forgive Lucifer?
Why would the devil lie about death?
Why do churches make their own laws?
Why did god say to Moses you are that you are?
Why is the number of man 666?
Why is it so important to wait on god?
Why was moral oral canceled?
Why do some people believe theres life after death?
Why is gods and your reletionship so important?
Why do African Americans whip their kids?
Why would you feel unwelcome at social gatherings outside of your close friends?
Why did turkey try to westernize and modernize?
Why should children pray to God?
Why do you do chaur on the Guru Granth Sahib and why do you put the Granth Sahib on a bed and why the chanani or canopy?
Why do people disagree to the statement you cannot be a scientist and believe in God?
Why do you put kirpan in karah parshad and why do you serve parshad to panj pyaras first when all are equal and why is a small pot of parshad kept under the Guru Granth Sahib?
Why do people agree to the statement you cannot be a scientist and believe in God?
Why do you do Chaur on the Guru Granth Sahib?
Why isnt god allowed in school?
Why is it important to love your neighbor?
Why are people spiritual?
Why were people more spiritual in the past?
Why do you see a large number of people visiting temples in August September?
Why do many people live there whole lives and die witout ever seeing things as they really are?
Why did Helios god exist?
Why did the big three gods make a promise to never have kids?
Why cant people do what is right in their own eyes?
Why does God not fulfill your dreams?
Why do people decide to give up a normal life to live the extraordinary life of a religious vocation?
Why is it challenging sometime to believe in god whom you do not see?
Why is the clergy regarded as professionals?
Why was Hercules considered a god?
Why were church mission established?
Why are Jew so jealous of their God?
Why did wesley snipes leave Islamic religion?
Why do hindus believe in one god only?
Why dont you beleive in god?
Why are candles so religions?
Why does telemachus take his father for a god?
Why is Japans nickname land of the gods?
Why is there no major religion that worships Mother Nature?
Why do some people complain about life being boring?
Why is the river treated like a god?
Why is Sikhism drowning these days?
Why do muslisms ban pictures of god?
Why do protestants get baptized?
Why do some versions of the Gettysburg Address leave out the phrase under God?
Why did the Jews have to worship god in the temple only?
Why would God allow a corrupt government to rule?
Why is Charlotte Church famous?
Why do Jewish people have separate kitchens in their houses?
Why did church membership rise in the 50s?
Why do humans combat?
Why was a Pharaoh considered to be a god?
Why might a religious believer may become a member of a faith community?
Why did the Romans worship many different gods and goddesses?
Why can God not answer scientific questions?
Why is it worth paying the price to follow Jesus?
Why did guru nanak disappearing at 30?
Why is lent celebrated as a church?
Why is Religion so different in the Mediterranean?
Why do people hate the devil?
Why are the churches of Lalibela important?
Why do young people wear those Christian bracelets when they are not religious?
Why do they wear sagging pants when they are not in prison?
Why dont we need religion in our lives?
Why did god make women menstrate?
Why is it better to say Hindus believe in monotheistic polytheism rather than polytheism?
Why is the bible inportant?
Why might Satyagraha appeal to those with strong religious beliefs as a tool to bring about change?
Why does the world reject god?
Why is the cross a sign of the church?
Why do Muslims not check up on other Muslims to see if they are giving Zakat?
Why did religion generate discrepency?
Why do people kill over God?
Why was the War Prayer written?
Why do mennonite women dress different but men do not?
Why did the book of Daniel get canceled?
Why do people remember the person who has done something wrong even once in life and forget all he done good?
Why are rites of passage important to some religions?
Why did the medieval church Speak Latin?
Why is it important to minister to both the bodily and spiritual needs of are neighbours?
Why did god create aliens?
Why do you start everything by the name of god?
Why do afghans bid lower?
Why does the assembly of god make up their on by laws and not the law of god?
Why should you not have church in school?
Why is the Khanda the symbol of Sikhism?
Why is the holy god sometimes called servants of god?
Why were the roman gods so powerful?
Why are some religious believers prepared to fight in a war?
Why have a nuptial mass?
Why are humans made by god?
Why did the judeges era end in the bible?
Why does Gilgamesh refuse the goddess Ishtar?
Why can they have a black atlas but not a white atlas?
Why do progressives hate god?
Why is education important for immigration?
Why do people die who believe in God?
Why would entering the house or eating with a gentile be bad?
Why do some Indian gods and goddesses have so many arms?
Why is Guyana a god vacation spot?
Why is prayer important in your life?
Why is the Methodist church set out the way it is?
Why do Indians celeabrate henna?
Why did pharaoh call himself a god?
Why does God want us to wait until marrige to have sex?
Why did God bless Aaron with priesthood?
Why do people convert their religion?
Why does it seem those that claim to be most religious are the ones that are essentially the least practiced in their faith?
Why was the sainte chapelle built?
Why do young Sikhs like to help out in the langar?
Why did god sacrafice his self?
Why do most Gurdwaras have offices in them?
Why did great religious leaders have to travel?
Why is the Cheung chau bun festival so famous?
Why did Azana destroy churches?
Why should you understand morals?
Why are American spirituals still so popular?
Why do Religions require wearing special clothes?
Why are some families blessed by God and others are not?
Why is evil so abundant?
Why is it not a bad thing to beleev in god?
Why did African Americans fight in the Congenital Army?
Why is cardinal leger respected?
Why is maasai important?
Why does God let evil exist?
Why is it that so many religions go against the command of not using images in their worship?
Why did Guru Gobind Singh have more than one wife?
Why do some people not want to donate money to charity?
Why do you think africans held so strongly to their own religious practices?
Why cant you learn about god in school?
Why do baptist ushers cross their arms over their heart during prayer?
Why did Americans practice this religion?
Why is the world not at racial harmony?
Why dont Sikhs believe in Satan?
Why do you not cut your hair but cut your nails?
Why do religious prople have to care for others?
Why do religious people have to care about others?
Why is Ephesus in the mountains formerly a sea coast town?
Why was King David Gods favorite?
Why did Mohammed attack the holy land?
Why are Muslim women not allowed to get 2nd husband?
Why did people protest about the church?
Why did Elie Wiesel give up her believes in God?
Why was the universal declaration set up?
Why did God create the wasp?
Why do you have moment of silence?
Why are people biased about religion?
Why was Mycenae called the golden city?
Why is 3 a lucky number?
Why do communities excist?
Why do you believe god speaks to us through scriptures?
Why does God need money?
Why do religions reject gays?
Why do you sin everyday?
Why do they use altar bells in church?
Why did Aphrodite cast spells on the other gods and goddess?
Why did people begin to pray?
Why is evil important?
Why is the Apocrypha largely ignored in Protestant scholarship and teaching?
Why do you believe in hell if its not religious is it really a bad pleace?
Why did the heretics distance themselves from the traditional church?
Why is the transfigration important?
Why do you think religion was so central to the development of culture and society the Dark Ages?
Why is puja so important to hindus?
Why do divisions in most world religions occur?
Why do people put butterflies on a bouquet?
Why are shamans often depicted as objects with wings?
Why does religion rely on emotion instead of logic as a primary factor for conversion to the belief?
Why is it hard being a Sikh today in Britain today?
Why does it say in god you trust on American money?
Why would being a monk be harder today then before?
Why do you want to do your confiermation?
Why do Muslims have so much sand in their vaginas?
Why is it good to praise God?
Why do people think religious prejudice is wrong?
Why do cowboys go to church?
Why were Arabs so successful in building the empire?
Why was the roman armey so sucsessfull?
Why did the Japanese come to new zealand?
Why is the church of philadelphia in rev 3 called the faithful church?
Why should the government interfere with religion?
Why was it important to respect a god?
Why do people wear cat ears?
Why do you need God when he can not stop killings done in his name?
Why are organs important in a church?
Why are alters assosiated with prayer?
Why is it so important what you have learned about Civil war religion?
Why do people hate athiests?
Why are Japanese festivals celebrated?
Why did Desmond Tutu save South Africa?
Why do theists say miracles prove there is a God?
Why is god faithful?
Why is it important for christains to beliveve in god father?
Why should god not be called father?
Why did Japanese religion influence their on daily life so much?
Why has god become a continual topic for philosopher?
Why are there no answers on religion?
Why is god worshipped?
Why do religions develop in all cultures?
Why is it the final word of god?
Why do people believe in religion even though it was created by man?
Why should one be quiet in church?
Why does Emerson resign from his church?
Why does God exsist?
Why is abortion a grey area for Christians?
Why is jurusalam holy?
Why were stained glass windows called bibles for the poor?
Why are people considered a hero?
Why is barno so god dam awesome?
Why is Hugh so god dam awesome?
Why do people throw pebbles at various times during Hajj?
Why do Christians think you should only use the bible?
Why does religion matter in a daily life basis?
Why is Japanese mythology interesting?
Why is mercury named after the roman god of trade?
Why is there religious conflict?
Why do Jews celebrate penticost?
Why is church fun?
Why do the Sikhs remember baisakhi?
Why are most black African women more beautiful than African American women?
Why is incense historically used in the church?
Why would someone almost like hide from you after a disagreement?
Why does God say not to ingage in witch craft palm reading?
Why do people believe that God created the universe?
Why are Quakers called friends?
Why are twins special with regards to the Bible?
Why has Bishop Iona Locke chuch lost members?
Why is the bible divided into two testament?
Why is lindisfarne called holy island?
Why will your kid who always share with other kids turned out to be a victim of bully?
Why will she avoid you and everyone at the school after sending you a nasty email for speaking out against her child bullying your child?
Why did tom sit next to the aisle in church?
Why do some religions propagate conversion?
Why are most parents of bullies in denial as you experienced from one such parents and then read in HELP MY CHILD IS BEING BULLIED By Paul Coughlin?
Why did god make trees?
Why were gods and goddeses names used now?
Why did martyrs give up their lives?
Why does people have different religions and beliefs?
Why cant God be found but yet he can overlook the whole earth?
Why is gods gift important?
Why were so many African Americans patriots?
Why does society make such doublestandards?
Why do people of different religions go on pilgrimages?
Why is marriage with relative cousin not allowed?
Why were churches built on a hill?
Why is the Bible used in social studies class?
Why is obeying God for both physical and spiritual?
Why did paul prosecute the church?
Why is this world run by hate?
Why did Greece end the belief of many gods?
Why is man suffering here on earth?
Why does Missionaries wear white?
Why are people teased for their religion?
Why did god make all the humans humans instead of gods?
Why did King Henry II want power over the Church?
Why do i think tat i am an incarnation of god?
Why should ethnocentrism be avoided?
Why did desmond tutu want to be a priest?
Why do some men like wearing womens one piece swimsuits?
Why is ancestor worship central to primal religion?
Why should we come to church?
Why is religion such a controversial issue?
Why are Religious beliefs more important than wealth?
Why do people who hold God so close to their hearts behave in such a violent way?
Why are religious people angry about cloning?
Why is suffering given to people?
Why is food an important part of the passover?
Why was church made?
Why did God make the Galaxy so big and your planet so small?
Why do people insist on putting their spiritual beliefs on this site?
Why do religious people like to meditate?
Why is it important to respect the differences with between people of different religions and backgrounds?
Why are hyms sang at church?
Why is it important to respect the differences between religions and backgrounds?
Why do so many people believe in prophets and religion when they are not descendant from these families?
Why did Alexander accept many different religions?
Why was world created?
Why do masons wear baseball caps?
Why are there so many questions asked that can be answerd with google?
Why is the holy Commuion important?
Why do we need religion our lives?
Why is wine not served in Malaysian Churches?
Why do churches need lightning conductors?
Why did Justinian close the last surviving Platonic academy?
Why did the relious happen?
Why did the religions happen?
Why do you needs study religion?
Why do you need religion in your lives it is important or not?
Why do some people value god?
Why did god choes mahammad?
Why was kalypso mad at the gods?
Why is it important for African American to have equal rights?
Why do different religions believe different ways that the earth was made?
Why was the guru granth sahib so important?
Why did the church persecute and try to eliminate heretics?
Why do politians always think they are above Godonce they are elected?
Why is moral and character important today?
Why are Mormons bad?
Why was religion so important in stuard times?
Why have Christian people visited Rochester since 604AD?
Why do you need to go to church every sun day?
Why was Millatfacebook launched?
Why did holland become protestant in the 15 century?
Why is the snake considered to be a symbol of wisdom?
Why do churchs have gargoyles?
Why was quran first recognized in one book?
Why do people have the some beliefs even if were all different?
Why did Mary and Joseph go to Bethlehem for the census?
Why do people persist in Christianity?
Why does the monk avoid poor people and the sick if hes a religious man?
Why do Sikhs close eyes bow heads and put hands together?
Why are you silent during prayer?
Why is it circumcision considered a religious practice?
Why is yahoo answers theologically and socially biased?
Why should a church incorporate?
Why did Sikhs think that the Guru Granth Sahib is Important?
Why do religious people get married?
Why did jesus spend 40 days in the desert?
Why do you have pilgrimage?
Why is San Fransico church in Lima?
Why is the call to prayer said?
Why were young people burryed in haworth church?
Why do different religions believe in the same god?
Why should you step in with your right leg when entering the temple?
Why did the egyptians worship the dung beetle?
Why was missing church considered a crime?
Why are men and women separated in church?
Why is religion a big part of human culture?
Why are church clocks blue in the UK?
Why cant people back then love anybody for who they are not the color of skin?
Why is it important to have a place of worship where all religions can celebrate in?
Why did god create moms?
Why do you have to know the worth of a man?
Why are rites of passages important to religious communities?
Why is it that if a man is to live like a human being his heart and mind must be nourished and the best spiritual nourishment comes from the humanities?
Why is multiculturalism important in a spiritual care?
Why is education important to achievement of African Americans?
Why is religious important?
Why does the christian church called she?
Why is alcoholics anonymous a religious thing?
Why do christian vidently disagree with themselves and other religious perspectives?
Why do Hindus believe in forgiveness?
Why does Three women in the church is the title of his painting?
Why should people by moral?
Why do difference religions have difference beliefs and point of views?
Why do some religions not eat meat?
Why is the guru granth sahib placed under the Palki?
Why are their Archbishops?
Why do people use the phrase lift someone in prayer?
Why was the church in the middle of the village?
Why would a good god create such monsters as the dinosaurs and other killing machines in nature?
Why is israel in the EM in Barselona?
Why do some civilizations tend toward religion and other toward government or commercial development?
Why did guru Nanak Dev ji choose Guru Angad de ji as the 2nd guru?
Why can you receive holy orders once?
Why do you feel things before they happen as a christian?
Why did a war fought over religious differences result in stronger states in the sixteenth and seventeenth century?
Why is ratana church is important?
Why do you connect your culture with your religion?
Why do Christians believe through there religion is the only way to god or the creator?
Why is the feast of St Clare celebrated?
Why is Judaism a western religion?
Why do people believe in a supreme being but not in the supernatural or life elsewhere in the rest of the universe?
Why do people choose to join a religious order?
Why was the city named Babel?
Why is tauba important?
Why do asians release minnows back into the river?
Why is Islamic slaughtered animals called halal a brutal and barbaric way to kill them?
Why were hueguenots important?
Why were ambulatories popular in pilgrimage churches?
Why do people seek out religion?
Why do people have feelings for God?
Why would any one think that good deeds get you to heaven?
Why did 1st wave of feminism end?
Why will the world end in 2032?
Why does god allow bad things to happen?
Why is stanne and inspiration to you?
Why is white cloth used in church?
Why do you describe god as one of you wonderful gift that you have?
Why does God not answer all prayers?
Why do people not practice the same religion?
Why did akbar start his new religion?
Why do you incorporate spiritual dimension in competition?
Why does the City of Escondido have members of The Egyptian Islamic Jihad?
Why did god created nuclea bomb?
Why did the israelits warnder in the desert for40 years?
Why cant God be in school if other religions are?
Why did god create mosquitoes that carry malaria that kills millions of good innocent people every year?
Why are offerings so important to the Thailand people?
Why did people stop believing in the great gods and roman gods?
Why is it so important to know why we exist?
Why were religious authorities again tartuffe?
Why are we called pilgrim people of god?
Why were the Viatorians founded?
Why do people believe that Muslims believe in a different god?
Why is it worth keeping?
Why were the Quakers seen as radicals?
Why is so important to recognise and understand the difference between people and there cultures?
Why is samvatsari pratikerman celebrated in chauth?
Why have different religions?
Why do you make baptismal promises?
Why is there not one big religion?
Why do white people try and hide the true religion?
Why is sodomy a sin?
Why do Buddist Monks dress simply beg for food and walk barefoot?
Why do brahmin wear janjam?
Why do catholics see the need to worship and pray to people instead of God?
Why is spiritual growth important?
Why did the nile river people worship there god?
Why are German people so common to the brahmins in India?
Why is diversity important in your lives?
Why do churches celebrate choir anniversaries?
Why should you study other religions?
Why is religion considered to be the shaping force of history?
Why is there a debate between science and religion?
Why was religion important in Shakespere times?
Why do people feel the need to go on a pilgrimage and where do they go?
Why are we called protestants?
Why does god take your loved ones?
Why do people pilgrimage to Canterbury?
Why do you have a desire to know God?
Why is religious education not important in some foreign schools?
Why did father James dixon die?
Why is a 9year old boy allowed to take a dagger in to school?
Why are you small in the pants?
Why do Japanese people believe in the thunder god?
Why does God excist?
Why are the westerners religions also known as the Abraham faiths?
Why do you study the 6 major religions?
Why is Asian indigenous art functional in nature?
Why is muslin the main religion in Spain and Italy?
Why is that the Adventists became a protestant church?
Why does God fine favor with the sparrow?
Why do humans have inherient dignity?
Why is ganesha blue?
Why do people think the creation story is symbolic?
Why do clergy use amethyst gemstones?
Why is it important to learn about religion?
Why would the ten commandments not be important to us today?
Why is it imortant to learn about other world religions?
Why do clocks on churches have blue faces?
Why would anyone want a relationship with God?
Why do your veges have massive overgrown roots?
Why do we respect Ramadan?
Why are Quakers against slavery?
Why do Muslims hate white people?
Why do so many people want to visit the pope?
Why did ravanahs sister have her nose chopped off?
Why was religion so important to men and women?
Why were Shakespeareans so religious?
Why is a journey is best measured in friends rather than miles?
Why does no one want to kill children?
Why does the Ontological Argument fail to prove the existence of God?
Why is global history important?
Why would parables appeal to common people?
Why did faith and religious certainty begin to decline in the first part of the 17th century?
Why do people travel religious reasons?
Why is Jeremiah called the prophet of eleventh hour?
Why do some people think that religious festivals are not important?
Why is sacrifice important in religion?
Why were Prests so powerful in a mesopotamian society?
Why is virtual culture more important?
Why are Sikhs rules important?
Why does the design argument lead people to believe in God?
Why is the lectern fixed solidly?
Why did people in the 1500s take religion so seriously?
Why is being in a community a good thing?
Why is the flame symbol is in many religions?
Why is religion not as important in the government?
Why should you support monotheism?
Why do you nee to give time in reading?
Why are religious people in favour of IVF?
Why can the punishment of isolation break the human spirit?
Why is re unimportant?
Why do we study African Religion?
Why does the pope travel a lot to other countries?
Why did monotheistic religions develop only after civilizations developed?
Why isnt kurdistan on the map?
Why does Dan Fletcher sell carpet?
Why is your house surrounded with dragonflies?
Why should people learn about different religions?
Why was the separation of church and state important?
Why do religious people cry at funerals when they supposedly believe in an eternally happy afterlife?
Why do you think hyperdulia is given to Mary alone?
Why are Indians polytheists?
Why did the monarchs of 16th century Britain want everyone to be the same religion?
Why do Sikhs think gurus are important to them?
Why are Middle Easterns so religious?
Why do pilgrims go to Assisi?
Why do churches have service at 11 AM?
Why was Jesus born with original sin?
Why did religion come to the new world?
Why did African Americans come here?
Why is 622 an important year in Islamic history?
Why do religions exits?
Why do people consider their oppinions to be confessions?
Why does Babylon mean Gate of Gods?
Why is sharing faith important?
Why do protestant communion services have an emphasis on collecting money for the poor?
Why do Sikhs women have long hair?
Why do religious people avoid putting elderly relatives in a residential home?
Why is rome religious?
Why would people disagree with euthanasia?
Why has the religious right become more influential in American politics than the religious left?
Why are belief in religion is important to people?
Why did he start the religion?
Why are the catacombs considered an archive of the church?
Why does society need religious?
Why did scar kill mufassa?
Why is the golden temple temple special for Sikhs?
Why do people folloe religion?
Why is it importan to show apperciation for practice for other religious groups?
Why do you come to the church?
Why does pride break the tawhid?
Why do people love life more than the afterlife even if they believe that the afterlife is much much longer than this life?
Why do miracles prove the existence of God to religious believers?
Why is lincolns speech considered to be religious and political?
Why dont people believe in the devil?
Why do people hold religions beliefs?
Why did God makes us the way we are?
Why is God the ruler of the world?
Why did Sikh gurus become soldiers?
Why is Richard Allen famous?
Why would religious leaders encourage exploration?
Why did religious conflicts become so deeply entwined with political conflicts?
Why is making a religious journey important?
Why do people go on Beckets pilgrimage?
Why did god create us without wings?
Why do humanists reject religious explanations to ultimate questions?
Why should you spend money on a church?
Why should schools not have religion?
Why is tantoo cardinal a role model?
Why is it important for an organization to get a 502c3?
Why is it good for Christians to to pray in public as well as in private?
Why is sihkism a small religion?
Why is it important for religions to have symbols?
Why did the ancient greek gods live?
Why did Henry vii change his religion?
Why is a lion and skull often in paintings of St Jerome?
Why did scribes use dividers?
Why is lourds a spiritual place?
Why do people say that cloning is Playing God?
Why did religious toleration increase?
Why did the COGIC split from AG church?
Why should a religion be respected?
Why did the Denomination of Presbyterian break off from the main religion of Christianity?
Why do you think God protected Cain?
Why is legalism bad?
Why did am spread more rapidly than any other major world religion?
Why did Henry the 8th built the church?
Why do protestants support rangers?
Why did religion change so much under the tudors write?
Why did religion change so much under the Tudors?
Why are there not more African American quarterbacls K?
Why do you serve in church as a volunteer?
Why do buddhists go to the deer park in sarnath?
Why should you show respect to those in authority?
Why do some Sikhs find it important tofollow all the rules?
Why did god come down in human form?
Why did the suerian strive to please their gods?
Why does Europe have such a high crude death rate?
Why is immorality always increasing?
Why did sterling Allen brown write poems?
Why do they choose not to worship a god?
Why does God forgive sin?
Why do Rastafarian s have green colour starting in their flag?
Why do demons and ghouls stay together?
Why is St Maroun important to the Maronites?
Why is polytheism is an essential for most religions?
Why did people who wrote the first amendment include religion?
Why do religious people follow religious guidelines?
Why are Roman Catholics Muslims and some Christains against AIH?
Why is religious studies an importnt subject to study?
Why do you think people being confirmed repeat the promises made for them at Baptism?
Why did christianiy become a world religion?
Why has there been a decline in religious practice?
Why was osiris different to other gods?
Why is elder Watson diggs called the dreamer?
Why does God want us to manage the world as His sons and daughters?
Why did Habakkuk question God?
Why does some religious people prefer to work ship in silence?
Why do people celebrate the Protestant reformation?
Why does religion make people stupid?
Why were the pyrimids of Mayan built?
Why is religion important to your culture?
Why did the protestant beg religion in Germany?
Why did the pilgrims not want to change their religion?
Why is ajay smart?
Why was God displeased with humanity?
Why is Judaism the holy land?
Why do poll taxes hurt African Americans?
Why might two groups of people living in the same area practice the same religion?
Why does God allow people to suffer?
Why does God not punish the wicked immediately?
Why did the egypitians have gods?
Why is the old tetament so important to chrisitians?
Why would a christian in the 21st century join forces to go to war?
Why are anyones beliefs religious or not important?
Why does the US monitor religious freedom throughout the world in other countries?
Why is the holy spirit seen and a miracle?
Why are some urns on burial monuments covered or draped?
Why did GOD create this world if HE saw violence from the very start?
Why was religion important in the 11th century?
Why were the people in Srebrenica attacked by the Serbs?
Why is Essex so amazing?
Why do christians believe they should have Jerusalem?
Why did civilisation think god controlled everything?
Why did African Americans migrate north in the 1900?
Why is there more conflict when two or more religious groups occupy the same region?
Why were religions made?
Why is religion so important to people throughout the world?
Why do people think there is a Holy Grail?
Why do dead people go to heaven?
Why do different religions have rules against sports?
Why does a person believe in god?
Why does a religious person believe in god?
Why would people want to become priests in developed countries?
Why do you think traditional African religions are in decline?
Why do you observe some religious activities?
Why do people hold relious belifes?
Why did they remove their garments when stoning Stephen?
Why is it important to have rules in religion?
Why is this sermon have been less effective if Edwards had not had a reputation as a brilliant spiritual leader?
Why is the god ganesh so popular?
Why does Jesus call his Father Lord if he is Lord also?
Why would Muslims find it dificult to keep Ramadan in the UK?
Why does the US monitor religious freedom throughout the world the world?
Why do you know so little about the puritans?
Why do they call it a hornbook?
Why are rituals and celebrations an important part of religion?
Why did faith and religious certainty begin to decline in the first part of the seventeenth century?
Why did immigrants want religious freedom?
Why did the Early Christians worship in hiding?
Why do religious people go on a pilgrimage?
Why was st Jerome a good role model?
Why is religion important to people and society?
Why were the Incas always naked?
Why was the religious movement started?
Why did Robert Swindells wite the book abomination?
Why did early people form religions?
Why did early peoples from religions?
Why were religions formed?
Why was Sariputra important to the Buddhist religion?
Why did they have religious festivals?
Why did Jesus challenge the pious leaders?
Why do the Olmec worship God?
Why did god make heven?
Why is it so important for Elzbieta to have a religious symbol in their home?
Why did the Buddha seek enlightenment?
Why is Jewish religion celebrated?
Why did Henry VIII tell everyone to change their religion to catholic?
Why did many catholic clergy die?
Why do all three religions of claim of Jerasalen?
Why do all three religions chim jerasalem?
Why do all three religions claim Jerusalesm?
Why do researchers believe that the stories of Genesis are based on legends retold orally for many years?
Why is enlightenment and revolution important to Atheism followers?
Why are pictures of Krishna as a baby common in Indian homes?
Why was puritan religion important to Salem village?
Why would god give us such a bad punishment as to hell?
Why is religion a subject very commonly discussed in sociology?
Why was Matthew written to the Jews?
Why are fonts in churches?
Why do people read autobiography?
Why can some people be upset by the way religion is shown on tv?
Why would you be afraid of the dark if you believe in god?
Why did Augustine become a favorite theologian of the sixteenth century Protestant reformers?
Why is God is awesome?
Why are religion and philosophy the same?
Why do pentecostals shun other people?
Why are churchs important?
Why are extended families increasing?
Why does God allow disability?
Why did god let the Jews suffer?
Why did god bring about the flood?
Why does monasticism evolve into a potent platform for social and religious reform after the 4 Century?
Why do Sikhs have to cover their heads?
Why were the Romans eager for new religion and philosophy in the fourth century?
Why did Robert Marett believe that a belief in mana was more ancient than a belief in gods or spirits?
Why is reconsiliation day celebrated?
Why does having a religious faith encourage someone to help and support others in overcoming justice?
Why do Turkish people wear shawls?
Why does one cover the challah on Friday night?
Why do Muslim women have to wear headscarfs?
Why are some English people of the Catholic religion and some Church of England?
Why is religion so corrupted?
Why does the world hate satanists?
Why might it be difficult being a Sikh?
Why was the agricultural revolution so important in human history what changes did it bring about?
Why are some hot and some cold in their religion?
Why do political leaders need to live a moral life?
Why is religion important for diversity?
Why do you learn about world religions at school?
Why did God plan for the salvation?
Why do different religions believe in different things?
Why is the scroll important to the Jews?
Why do you lose loved ones at the wrong time?
Why did god let his people get conquered?
Why were shrines built for Gods?
Why do women just wear skirts and dreses in and out pentecostal churches?
Why do Muslims think it is OK to pray to an imaginary person?
Why did the Confucianism religion go to temple for church?
Why was no nurse ready to take Prophet Muhammad?
Why is it that God is the greatest architect and engineer in life?
Why were nobles the only ones to go to church?
Why might Christians have borrowed ways of worship form the Jewish religion?
Why are religious dementions important?
Why did the artists of the renaissance focus on the spiritual world?
Why do people put stars on their homesdo they belong to a special club or organizatoion i want to no?
Why do you think conflicts arose between people of different religions in some of the colonies?
Why do you think Persians and other peoples were able to turn their thoughts to religion?
Why did god create in 6 days?
Why might have people wanted to spread their religion?
Why did Jesuits burn down sault ste Marie among the hurons?
Why is the Muslim religion influence widespread in North Africa?
Why did the ayrans abandone their nomadic lifestyle?
Why is mecca important as a religion center?
Why is mixing religion and government not a good idea?
Why do most people go to Shinto shrines and Buddha temples?
Why are buddhists against taking illegal drugs?
Why did the Virgina Plan not pass?
Why are Ticunas naked?
Why do other Hindu goddesses have devi in the front of devi at the back of their name?
Why is it November 1 and 2 is not an legal holiday this year?
Why does worship bring you closer to god?
Why is holy water important in church?
Why was religion important in pilgrim life?
Why did early Americans cross the land bridge?
Why did nerfertiti convert Egypt into believing in one god?
Why did Muslims believe the black plague was a blessing from god?
Why was Elizabeth Ann Seton famous?
Why are all Mexicans or latinos celebrating right now?
Why do people wish and who invented the idea of wishes?
Why did Africans hold on so strongly to their own religious practices?
Why did the Romans often break the legs of crucified men?
Why was it such an unusual religious view in the ancient world?
Why is fruit important on the day of the dead?
Why did some belief systems become world religions and others not?
Why is fraser not as cool as will ennis?
Why do pentecostal women have long hair and wear no makeup?
Why are prayer mats important to islmaic people?
Why is Samye Ling Buddhist Centre in dumfries so religious?
Why did the crusaders prepared to die in the name of religion?
Why is there ash wensday?
Why is it important for other cultures to visit the Holy land?
Why did jesus go to gora?
Why do people continue to fight over Jerusalem today?
Why is it important to be reverent in worship?
Why do you hear holy mass?
Why did god make a male and a female?
Why does prophet Muhammad still have followers?
Why were the Quaker ideas a threat to other religions?
Why are celebrations important to various religions?
Why do you continue to sin?
Why was religion important in 1564?
Why did the founders think religion was so important?
Why was the pharaoh viewed as an important religious figure?
Why is it important to learn about and other religion?
Why was the elizbethan religious settlement a success?
Why do pilgrims travel to holy island?
Why is it important to have a religion class?
Why do you wake up early morning and feel like praying?
Why was george berkeley so important?
Why is god always a man?
Why have Muslims needed prophets in the past?
Why is it important for religious believers to be initiated into there faith?
Why is Gravesend important to the Sikhs?
Why did so many of evangelical religion energies move toward the reform of society?
Why do Sikh men cover their hair?
Why do people insist on naming their god?
Why are many religious believers in favour of probation?
Why did the tererists of 1605 have second thoughts?
Why do psychologists use questionaire?
Why was Machiavelli so interested in religion?
Why is god forever?
Why are Sikhs reincarnated?
Why has the church continued to be involved in social justice issues?
Why did Teresa of Avila devote her life to her religion?
Why do religious days off?
Why did cultures change the direction that they read a book?
Why is the founders included freedom of religion how is that interpreted today?
Why was horus merdged with the sun god?
Why was each religion important?
Why is Unknown Soldier a symbol?
Why do you say were on a journey of faith?
Why do we have god parents?
Why would spring make people long to go on pilgrimages?
Why is it so hard for whites to believe in something greater than themselves?
Why does tom become religious?
Why do humans palisade in falsehood and untruth?
Why did the Jews look to the future?
Why are symbols and religious symbols particular important?
Why is the story of Nature of Man and the Fall read at carols?
Why do hindus burn incence?
Why did Muhammad want the Jews and Christians dead?
Why is Jerusalem significant to your religion or cultural group?
Why is gravesend important for Sikhs?
Why was people shocked with the call of Levi?
Why do they call it a poppy?
Why did god send prophets to the Israelities?
Why do America oppose religious dictatorship?
Why might people benefit from going to Santiago?
Why do people feel the need to explain the beginning of the universe?
Why did god performs the 10 plays?
Why does god give us visions?
Why are human beings becoming so foul to everything around them?
Why is there a statue in church?
Why did sam kinison leave the ministry?
Why did the divisions between Christians in England come about?
Why would religious people get in voved in amnesty?
Why is religion important to barbarians?
Why was virginias religion protestant?
Why did God reduce lifetime years?
Why do israelites not pronounce name of god?
Why is the church called holy mother church?
Why is 666 the devils mark?
Why is untouchablity a sin?
Why do you have to be holy?
Why did God want sacrifices?
Why do people try to stop freedom of religion?
Why do you have to use holy water in a baptirm?
Why is it Zimbabwe is well known?
Why was the promise of the Messiah repeated from generation to generation?
Why did God kill cannan?
Why did the Jews not change religion during the war?
Why is a gurdwara a special place to the Sikhs and what it tells us about their beliefs?
Why are rites of passage important for the Jews?
Why did the sun god change religon?
Why are missionnaries called missionaries?
Why was it important to be nice to you relatives if you believed in an African religion?
Why did Christianity become a religion?
Why was hatashepusut viewed as an important religious figure?
Why was the new religion of akhenaten not popular among the Egyptian people?
Why did they start the religion buddism?
Why do people want to be prophets?
Why was leaven barred from sacrificial feasts?
Why is it that Satan is always depicted as a monster if he originally fell from heaven and therefore should look like an angel?
Why is Dome of the Rock sacred by their various religions?
Why was Dome of the Rock considered sacred by their various religion?
Why dont gods compete?
Why is Kristin Howard so weird and uncool?
Why is it easy to be religious?
Why does religion affect teen?
Why did the umayyads build empires?
Why might Greek environmentalist be wary of increased tourism in this religion?
Why did Elie start to doubt his religion upon arriving at Auschwitz?
Why was religion so important to the incans and Aztecs?
Why is religion a unifying force in the world?
Why did Dwayne watkins leave the canton spirituals and form his own band?
Why do Hindu women dance?
Why is it so important to the religion?
Why do some people go into a religion?
Why is Santiago de Compostela a popular pilgrimage site?
Why did billy Madison add the freedom of religion?
Why is turkey the Thanksgiving day bird?
Why did Shi Huangdi not allow religion?
Why were Sarah and abrabram unlikely people of God?
Why was Roanoke established for religious reasons?
Why do you think people choose to settle in areas with abundant natural resource?
Why is man moral animal?
Why do religious people fear although they have convictions and faith in God?
Why do the buddism religion meditate?
Why were relics removed from the catacombs?
Why were the isralitites conquered?
Why is banjul changing?
Why do people fight just because they have different religions?
Why are all news on terror about Muslim terrorists but not about Christian Jewish or other religion follower terroists?
Why did the people need the ten commandments?
Why will a match not light again?
Why are humanists against religion?
Why is it considered disrespectful to touch anothers head in Camdodia?
Why is serving others important to Sikhs?
Why do Sikhs sit cross legged in the gurdwara?
Why is gurdwara diwan so special to Sikhs?
Why do christians believe that religion and scientific theories complment each other?
Why do Sikhs take of their shoes and socks when worshiping?
Why is the hall so important to Sikhs?
Why are the separatist pilgrims trying to hide their religious ceremonies?
Why do Israelis and palestinians feel entitled to the same piece of land?
Why was moses included in the deposit of faith?
Why do sikhis follow rules?
Why did the people in Connecticut celebrate the puritan religion?
Why did Prophet Muhammad travel round on camels with his uncle?
Why is Christianity the main religion in Mexico?
Why was religion important to the Colonists?
Why do north Americans live in land and counrtys?
Why did god turn people black?
Why did the pilgrims leave in search for religious freedom?
Why did the Romans start the religion?
Why are you baptized with holy water?
Why was religion very important after slavery?
Why does the US have so many religions?
Why does the Ark face the east?
Why is Islamic religion affecting us all?
Why do Sikhs where turbibs?
Why is Steve such a terrible person?
Why are rituals of life important?
Why do Sikhs put the guru granth sahib to sleep?
Why do religious believers describe God as a spirit?
Why was sita banished from home?
Why was religion a big problem for Elizabeth 1?
Why did confucious become religious?
Why are churches colorful?
Why is Christmas is a big fat lie from beginning to end?
Why do christians support reform?
Why do people have prejudice against pigs?
Why is everything controlled by the people in charge like government and also rules society as a whole places upon us if everyone is environmentally and genetically different is there even a middle?
Why is it important and symbolic to Sikh people?
Why is spirituality important in the workplace?
Why does desmond tutu believe in pacifism?
Why are girls permitted to get piercings but not guys looking from a Catholic or Christian perspective?
Why do Sikhs bathe in water?
Why is dao de ching considered mystical?
Why did the book orgin of the species rock the christian religion?
Why did the Quakers believe in god?
Why is Christianity the fastest growing religion in china?
Why is arafat important?
Why is fornication wrong?
Why was religion important to the people of mesopotamia?
Why do you want to be sensitive?
Why did Jesus saved you through his passion?
Why is there so much debate over women in the church?
Why are there 8 days and nights for Hanukkah?
Why might Mount Sinai be an important place for followers of judaism today?
Why did they make Hanukkah?
Why do children get gifts at Hanukkah?
Why does Hanukkah exist?
Why do you need computer in your society?
Why is Jerusalem no longer under christian rule?
Why are special religion sites special to religious belivers?
Why do Sikhs celebrate the holla mohalla?
Why do people go on pilgrimages to devote themselves to God why dont they do something else?
Why would people want religious freedom?
Why did Mesopotamians look to religion to answer their quetions about life and death?
Why was the prostants religion so important to the new york colony?
Why do all religions hate each other even if they do the same thing only different?
Why does God let bad things happen to people?
Why was religIOUS life changed in the new world?
Why was Hanukkah so important?
Why is Rome a place of religious significance?
Why do Hindus bath their deity?
Why is the Jewish religion important?
Why do you think ritual and celebration are an important part of all religions?
Why did the religious medal get taken away from Santa Anna?
Why do Muslim have their Ramadan?
Why does Hanukkah last eight nights?
Why did the Northern Kingdom fall first?
Why was the Importance of religion Day to Day important in the Southern Colonies?
Why did God portray His nature?
Why do civilizations have religious practice?
Why was religion established?
Why do religious people wear religious symbols?
Why do people like the christingle orange?
Why is sin harmful?
Why does God make people just believe in him through blind faith?
Why is Hanukkah important to US?
Why do you have to follow your religions?
Why was Juan Diego holy?
Why do some people think jesus is white?
Why is religion positive?
Why is Ramadan the holiday special to muzslims?
Why do you think our culture looks down on the word religious?
Why is Israel fought over so much?
Why do people spread their religion?
Why does it seem your Apostolic friends look down on other faiths so hard?
Why did god make a fennec fox?
Why was advent made?
Why is the hanukkiyah lit on Hanukkah?
Why is the sunnah considered a guide for living?
Why was the frist amendment religion created?
Why is GI important to a samurai?
Why is a retreat beneficial to a Buddhist community?
Why do people look at religion as a bad thing?
Why was Jesus born in the Winter?
Why did prophet Elijah wear a belt?
Why was Joseph there at Jesus birth?
Why do you call the nun sister?
Why is Hanukkah such an important Jewish holiday?
Why do you venerate Mary as mother of God?
Why do Sikhs were cotton underwear?
Why is man as agent of morality?
Why are you tested by God?
Why did the puritanspractice religious freedom?
Why do you study about Hanukkah?
Why do you study Hanukkah?
Why do people not think the world is thousands of years old?
Why would religious believers be against invitro fertility?
Why would a 15 year old want a baby?
Why should people disagree with why should women have the same rights as men in religion?
Why do Jewish people belong to their religion?
Why is the tallest of the nine candles on a Hanukkah menorah known as the samash?
Why is she canonize?
Why do Greeks have the great lent?
Why was Jesus embraced?
Why did the gods get upset with chalchiuhtilicue?
Why do religious believers put other people before themselves?
Why do Sikhs wear turbans covering their hair?
Why did the angels sing when jesus was born?
Why do Sikhs share the special food?
Why do you think scientists know little about the religion and government of Mohenjo daro?
Why are some of the prophets called non writing?
Why is religion and its limits important to society?
Why do people worship Horus the god?
Why are the religions and languages of so many Latin American countries the same today?
Why is the location of the Vatican important?
Why is saint therese of the child jesus remembered by the catholoc church?
Why do you think Asia seems to be the birthplaces of major religion?
Why should religious believers be vegeterian?
Why is Jesus a super hero?
Why did God make octopuses?
Why is this question a fail?
Why are there conflicts between the religions today?
Why are there conflicts between religions?
Why do people believe in the big bang if its not true Jesus Made the earth and us and space and everything?
Why did prophet saw migrate from mecca to medina?
Why is it important for us to get to know about other people and their religions and belief s?
Why does a place of worship have a particular design?
Why were some gods better then others?
Why did the noblemen go and see Penelope?
Why was Abu Bakr so important to Muslims?
Why was Muhammed called the Prophet?
Why can the middle cononies be called a good example of religious tolorance?
Why did the pilgrims move here from Europe?
Why was god crucified?
Why is celebration important to religious?
Why did Oceanus get punished by the gods?
Why do some scholars think that qumran was a religious settlement?
Why would a US legislature treat religion as the national assembly did?
Why has the religion centered on Jesus dominated Western civilization gained more members than any other world religion and become the fastest growing religion in the world?
Why did King Herod kill children under two years old?
Why were mendicant orders so important in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries?
Why is Confucianism considered a philosophy and not a religion?
Why is food important in events?
Why are there a lot of different religion in US?
Why was the temple of artmis at ephesus construted?
Why are chiefs described as a walking gallery?
Why do celebrate Hanukkah?
Why is religion important to most people?
Why did arianism flourish in the 4th century?
Why do people celebrated Hanukkah?
Why are people in the sixteenth century and today prepared to go to war over religious differences?
Why were the kids at the church?
Why was the 3 main gods important to Maya religion?
Why is Abraham important in the study of middle east religions?
Why is freedom of religion so controversial?
Why was Frankinsence given to Jesus?
Why do different people from different religion come to the UK?
Why are people afraid of cloning?
Why do you think an event of such duration had so profound an affect upon Jewish life?
Why is Franz Gruber remembered?
Why were pyramiids built in Egypt?
Why dont some countries allow religion?
Why are there branches within a religion?
Why were the Romans intolerant of other religions?
Why did God gives us Gift?
Why is deism important is European history?
Why do people from different religions have to come to live in the South East?
Why did people sacerface their own people?
Why should you learn about certain religion?
Why are ethnic religions less likely to spread across the globe than universalizing religions?
Why do you think Matthew told the nativity story?
Why were judges appointed during the time moses led the people?
Why do pakis like money?
Why is male female discrimination allowed in religion but not in society?
Why are Mormon taught they are better than everyone so judgemental The Bible says not to Judge and those without sin cast the first Stone Mormon run the city of Rexburg as if it was a 3rd world?
Why have preachers stopped wearing suits?
Why would the creator of the cosmos choose to become one of us?
Why were the women not allowed to touch jesus after the resurrection?
Why do your hands continue to vibrate when you clap your hands?
Why is the hakka a rite of passage?
Why would you want to know that?
Why do you focus on the cross as an important symbol Christians for us as?
Why is it unlucky to hang your calendar early?
Why should God not be subject to his own laws?
Why are curse words a sin?
Why does the Church keep all pagan holidays?
Why is christmass on the birthday of sol inivctus the Roman sun god?
Why is Easter selabrated on the same day as eshtar the pagan firtility goddes?
Why did god lie?
Why do religions have different distributions?
Why do certain religions say man is only 5000 years old?
Why do babies get candles when they get christened?
Why do people still talk about Jesus?
Why do you have a dream and then wake up and days later you go to that place and you think that you have been in that place?
Why is Hanukkah important to belivers?
Why is the dreidel game played at Hanukkah?
Why is fore skin cut off?
Why did god tellabrm to leave his country?
Why did the author dwells on his religious beliefs?
Why did many northern European leaders want to adopt protestant religions?
Why is religion not constitutionally legal in communist states?
Why was Jesus reborn?
Why did jesus allow himself to die on the cross?
Why is this Ramadan celebrated?
Why do religious people thing humans are too violent to be peaceful?
Why are there two compartments in the tabernacle?
Why is the most important right of Ramadan?
Why do all hospital baby blankets use the same pattern?
Why cant some people selabrate Ramadan?
Why do people agree that religion should not tell people how to spend their money?
Why did God curse Joss Shelton with diabetes?
Why does the solstice have a special meaning for some ethnic religions?
Why do Muslims wear hats?
Why is this day so important?
Why was it so important for kingdom of heaven for either religious to have control over the holy city?
Why were jaina monasteries built?
Why does God judge nations?
Why was religion so important in the sumerian society?
Why was it so important for either religious group to have control over the holy city?
Why was repetitive style ideal for oral teaching?
Why is a worldview a complex of various componets and how do those components cohere?
Why do you consider it an unusual culture?
Why do Jews light candles on Hanukkah?
Why are stars a common religious symbol in life?
Why is the phenomenological approach to the study of religion preferred by exponents of religion?
Why should Muslims support earth summit meetings?
Why is Mexico a very religious country?
Why do Quakers think it is wrong to wear red and black together?
Why do people sacrifice things for others?
Why is the mustard seed associated with religion?
Why did they put dead people in prymaids?
Why are the people given the freedom to choose wether or not they will follow the covenant?
Why is chuy a nickname for jesus?
Why is there news coverage for those armed robbing kidney giving girls?
Why would a religious beliver might agree or disagree on everyones ideas are influanced by their family?
Why are ritural important in religion?
Why do you think god was pleased with what he saw?
Why is the hospitality and service are important acts of religious practice?
Why did god create ticks?
Why did conflicts arise between religions in the middle colonies?
Why were tax collectors hated by jesus?
Why has religion always been present throughout history?
Why is Malta so religious?
Why are symbols used in religious worship?
Why is it difficult for men and women not to sit next to each other in a gudwara?
Why would god form a covenant?
Why is bitter herbs from horseradish in the sedar meal?
Why did the scholastic scholar believe that an independent mind was dangerous?
Why did the hindisim religion start?
Why do people throw buckets of water outside for new year in Uruguay?
Why is the prophet called the two sacrifieceed ones?
Why is religion important in a damocracy?
Why did religion make Tudor people want to explore?
Why do you have altars in a church?
Why do you need the holyspirit?
Why do i need the Holy Spirit?
Why do religious awakenings occur in the US?
Why do campesinos earn little money?
Why do catholics venerate mary as mother of God?
Why do people say that 42 is the meaning of life?
Why does Jehovah require things of you?
Why did the Arabian religion people have kings?
Why were some of the English coloines home to people of many different religions?
Why do people celebrate magha puja day?
Why are the 5 major religions so important?
Why have christians died for their belief?
Why did Demetrius and the town of Ephesus finally fight against Paul?
Why is there so much pointless bloodshed in the world?
Why do you celebrate holy communion?
Why was the wheel so important to Mesopotamia?
Why would it not be?
Why did god create stars?
Why is antananarivo called a city of a thousand?
Why is white the colour of death when it brightens up?
Why is the Galaxy here?
Why did the bible have to be smuggled?
Why do some stupid and idiot people think that India is a poor country?
Why did people in the 1950s flock back to religion?
Why do people say aum when they meditate?
Why was the calendar important to mayan religion?
Why do people use religious rituals to express their faith?
Why does croagh Patrick have religious importance?
Why is it good to believe in something?
Why has sleep been called a wonder?
Why do you think religious arcture often involve Building upward?
Why were the prophets so important to the Israelite history?
Why do people take milk baths?
Why are you persecuting me?
Why did god create language?
Why do you give gifts on epiphany?
Why are gods and goddesses important to hindus?
Why did they have gods?
Why is Holy grail so wanted?
Why is the body tree for Buddhists?
Why did William penn give Pennsylvania to the coloniest?
Why do Jews not study the New Testament as part of their religion?
Why should elderly people avoid eating spicy foods?
Why does holden think it ruins a conversation when someone asks what religion you are?
Why is apple considered to be the root of all materialism that made all the heavenly souls decend on earth as humas?
Why did god give us cancer?
Why does mainstream Christianity teac that there were 3 visitors from the east present at Jesus birth when the bible shows them to be intransit to Jerusalem?
Why is community life is a blessing in disguise?
Why should Christans give to charity?
Why do some religions worship idols?
Why do some religions believe ther is more than 1 god?
Why are there candles in a christening?
Why were religious orders strict?
Why does almost everything effective like civilisations cultures traditions physical and psychological components turn in to rebellion or is it just that it actually starts with rebellion itself?
Why are dogs offensive in Dubai United Arab Emirates?
Why does Danielle mean God is your judge?
Why is it important to bear witness?
Why can bt openreach force its workers to work Saturdays against the workers beliefs?
Why is religious diverstity important?
Why do Hindus worship Linga The translation of Linga means Penis and Yoni is Vagina is it true correct you if its wrong Even after knowing wy do you do the mistake?
Why would religious people want to go to walsingham in norfolk?
Why did Rome rather than Baghdad emerge as the capital of world Christianity?
Why is the church considered a her?
Why do people seek saviors when god accompanies them and they cannot see it?
Why did mazzini think the territary line set by the congress of Vienna needed to be change?
Why do flutes have holes in the middle of them?
Why does religion get such a hold on people?
Why did someorganisations and religions think separation was a bad decision?
Why was puritan religion the best religion after the civil war?
Why does god haft help you?
Why is it important that you examine and recognize the history of different races and religions?
Why is the hajj both an religious and an enlightening experience for Muslims?
Why did they create freedom of religion?
Why does a deacon wear a stole like a sash ie over the left shoulder?
Why do haikus play an important role in Japanese religion?
Why do most western Europeans have a limited understanding of the Christian rituals?
Why does human nature bring conflicts with religions?
Why were the crusaders so successful in the first crusae?
Why does the church think st francis of assisi think is so special?
Why has God or for those who are Christians has Jesus neither ever appeared to us in your lives No evidence of either?
Why is the sign of jonah signifianace?
Why does she feel nearer god?
Why did Dorothy day leave the city?
Why do people kill even when their religion forbids them to do so?
Why is the church called the church of saints?
Why do famous people become Buddhist?
Why is stluke so important?
Why do people critique religion?
Why are jehovahs knocking on my door all the time there pushing there religion on me and asking for money?
Why was the relationship between religion and government in the Byzantine empire?
Why are people treated negatively because of their faith?
Why did jonah go on the ship to go to a different place?
Why did people go on pilgrimages to France?
Why was it hard for people to accept monotheistic religion in ancient Egypt?
Why did puritans start a new religion?
Why is it so hard to talk about god with your friends?
Why do people think of different religious groups experience conflict?
Why did Sikhism evolve from a peaceful religion to a militant community?
Why is mars a roman god?
Why would primitive humans have attached religious significance to a figurine of a woman?
Why do some religious believers accept resurrection?
Why is there no religious unity you Arabia around 600 AD?
Why did jesus ask his disciples who do you say i am?
Why do Muslims worship Muhammad if he is only a prophet?
Why do Muslims prisoner hanged early morning?
Why is being being equal so important to Sikhs?
Why do people turn to religion in sickness?
Why did Jews go to the holy land?
Why is religion important to black people?
Why did Jeroboam set up a mock religion in he North?
Why did monotheistic religions replace the polytheistic?
Why was religion in the modern period diminished?
Why did Jesus give us the sacrament of reconciliation?
Why did Coronado return to Mexico City disappointed?
Why do people use hyperboles?
Why is that history of man is no less than the history of human wisdom?
Why does human nature tend to be corrupt?
Why was it important for people to have freedom of religion today?
Why would people pray to Demeter?
Why was there only Jesus and his 12 disclipes?
Why is Asia the birth place of the major religion in the world?
Why do Christians only care about their own religion and hate all other religions?
Why is martin lauther kng religious?
Why are symbols and rituals important to religions?
Why is ganesha so important to Hindus?
Why were the gods believed?
Why was isaiah cut in half?
Why is holy land important to the Jews?
Why was kinship so important to West African people?
Why do the Chineas paint a blu stripe above the door?
Why do africans beileve in after life?
Why was there a need for gods in rome?
Why do people often dislike anyone who is different from them?
Why is the kabah inside the sacred mosque in mecca?
Why is doing gods work good?
Why do you call the church holy?
Why are Christians so mean and judgemental?
Why do christian people celebrate Easter?
Why does carl Lewis inspire people?
Why does Ganesh represent the Indian culture?
Why were spirituals important to the slaves?
Why is praying so important to religions?
Why do some christians support equal rights for women in religion and why do some not?
Why is Hanukkah so important to Jewish community?
Why is confuciasm considered a philosophy instead of a religion?
Why does I AM keep changeing to You are when I write it in ASKcom?
Why did elizabeth1 change the religion when she started her reign?
Why do religious believers choose to support tear fund charity?
Why do you faint when you get the holy spirt?
Why should you believe in one god?
Why were religion and society related in ancient India?
Why did god create the apostles creed?
Why did the introduction of indigo as a crash crop help the southern economy?
Why did lord Baltimore favor religious toleration?
Why do Aborigines feel that their tie to the land is both physical and spiritual?
Why do they celerbrate Hanukkah?
Why is homosexuality a form of modernization?
Why is the church called one?
Why do theists atheists and agnostics have an effect on views on how the world was created?
Why were the code of ethics created by the aboriginal people?
Why is descent behavior vital for one to succed life?
Why is Ashley Williams a religious hypocrite?
Why was the religion an important part of farming for the Mayas?
Why is backbiting known as going behing the dog?
Why do people believe in folklore?
Why was pythatorus a god?
Why would anyone leave purple petals at a door my sister had an open house and someone taped these petals o her entryway?
Why did Spain impose religion to the indigenous?
Why do you think that the Anne Frawk museum is seen as an impotrait place of pilgrimage?
Why is evil such a problem for religious belief and practice?
Why was God blamed for the Holocaust?
Why are the pope and the bishops so important to the church?
Why did God transition from judges to prophets?
Why are wiccans said to be evil?
Why is it important to have intimacy with god in your lives?
Why is eastern orthodox a western religion?
Why was religion important in the past?
Why is the guru granth sahib put in the tahkt?
Why do churches have turrets?
Why did civilization get an ealier start in Egypt before babylonia?
Why is religion important in the text?
Why is st Claire remembered?
Why did they call Greek god Apollo the golden god?
Why can you get sin burnt when skiing?
Why is there a conflict between sport and religion?
Why did Abraham start the Judaism religion?
Why are hindus deeply conserned about the condition of the earth?
Why is Christianity for every one?
Why did the egytians make the gods?
Why do red and pink rerpresent love?
Why are the religious congregation not much appealing for the youth of today?
Why do Atheists go to church?
Why was Abu Sufyan upset to see the treaty of Hudaybiyyah broken?
Why did people believe in gods and demons?
Why does dancing and singing play an important role in African religious and rituals?
Why was God right in sending the plauges?
Why do pilgims visit israel?
Why did the emperor appoint a procurator to administer Samaria and Judea?
Why was religion important to the pueblo?
Why did the Chinese people turn to philosophy and not religion to address their concerns?
Why do certain aspects of the golden temple reflect Sikh beliefs?
Why is Donovan Achmed Stevens a terrorist?
Why did bosnia have a genocide happen?
Why is religion so hateful?
Why is the devil evil if he punishes the bad because that is a good deed?
Why does churches have steaples?
Why should you testify?
Why cant ghost pass through running water?
Why do so many people follow the religious?
Why didnt the cities of the Maya develop beyond a religious function?
Why is lalitamba shaktipith in karnali known as gupt pith?
Why are the products of wildlife species used as sacred objects in religious rituals?
Why has Oral tradition changed over the years?
Why should Prophet Muhammad be your follower?
Why did the spanish want the Indians to follow their religion and ways of life?
Why did the Romans invaded judea?
Why do you believe that you are God?
Why is EDSA important?
Why is there no hope for humanity?
Why was religion important in maintaining the Empire?
Why were the master scared of their slave religion?
Why was the god atlas punished?
Why do you think god would not allow a person with natural flaws to minister before him?
Why is the ox given to god?
Why were some Norse gods similar to roman gods?
Why is it hard to define religion?
Why did Baptists and other evangelical sects pose such a threat to the established religious order in colonial Virginia?
Why do you want to be part of a religion?
Why is the willow pattern plate blue?
Why are preist considered part of Mesopotamia upper class?
Why are priest a upper class?
Why do religious people visit the western wall?
Why do homos go to heaven?
Why are candles put on shrines?
Why is saint David a place of pilgrimage?
Why did Muhammad ali change his religion to a Muslim?
Why is it that prayer so vital for you and your ministry?
Why does America have freedom of religion?
Why was religion important to school?
Why is Miserliness a sin?
Why do you celebrate holy?
Why was shri Krishna made the emperor of Dwarka even though Balrama was elder?
Why is there now a brotherhood of monks or a sisterhood within convents?
Why do Jews pray on Wednesday?
Why do you get ashes on your forehead?
Why might conflict result if neighboring countries adopt different religions?
Why did Akhenaten want to make changes in Egyptian religion?
Why is important to close your eyes when praying?
Why is seth the god important?
Why are people fighting to keep Intelligent Design out of the classroom?
Why did Edmund campion have to die?
Why does God say that Israel was destroyed?
Why do pentecostals believe that spiritual gifts are still used today?
Why am I here?
Why do people plan deceptive things?
Why did martin niemoller find it hard to practise his religion?
Why does holden think it spoils a conversation if someone asks what religion he is?
Why is religion on the increase in the us?
Why is the truth preferred to lies even when the truth hurts?
Why are the creeds important in the Catholic Tradition?
Why is religious harmony important?
Why were sheep used for sacrifices?
Why did God reveal himself to Abraham in the first place?
Why do gods and goddesses eat ambrosia?
Why is the Catholic Church open to everyone from around the world?
Why does the bishops hat have two points?
Why do people go to see the western wall?
Why did siddhatha leave his life of luxury?
Why did the nurse flee in such a hurry when she picked up the son of Jonathan?
Why was cabbage sage grown in colonial NY?
Why would YHWH ever repent if everything were predestined?
Why does these 3 religions have a similar story about creation?
Why is the crusifiction so impartant to Chritians?
Why did ancient Chinese people choose there religion?
Why did a shared religion make people feel like part of a larger community?
Why do you think that God created you?
Why are 2 candles lit on Friday night?
Why would people kill them selfs if they were the last person on earth?
Why would a Muslim today recognize the religion of his or her ancestors?
Why is the other battle coming home an important article?
Why do some male Hindu people have a big dot on their forehead?
Why was the clitorise created?
Why do people cover their heads in the places of worship?
Why were egyptians send back to eat onions?
Why is opera famous in China?
Why is there a connection between religious identity and national identity?
Why is the Jewish religion come thru the mother?
Why is the Jewish religion most popluar in Israel?
Why is God hiding?
Why do people value religion?
Why do religions grow in times of conflict?
Why did god give you a tiny penis?
Why is it ok to laugh at religions on the tv?
Why are there so many terrorist?
Why was Amish named what it is?
Why is jesus called a lamb?
Why are christian congregations called the flock?
Why is family and religion the most important value to Italians?
Why were whites treated better than everyone else?
Why is there dispute in Arab countries?
Why does god exist in faith?
Why do not people practice religion?
Why do you receive palms on the Sunday before Easter?
Why does not everyone believe in God?
Why was the Augistinian missionary formed?
Why was the temple so holy?
Why is religion important to the pioneers?
Why do people joke that this is the last time the Jewish groom gets to put his foot down?
Why should people change their life for their religion?
Why should you teach Religious and Moral Education in The Primary school?
Why is god genocidal?
Why are religious communities important?
Why does Keith Urban the singer wear a moon and star wrist band?
Why is it important to follow culturally appropriate practices?
Why are people interested in what happens after they die?
Why were the Mormons harassed?
Why could humans never know the name of God of israel?
Why were the Levites choosen by God to be priest?
Why are christians so unaccepting of other religions?
Why is it important to study liturgy?
Why do people go on pilgramge to iona?
Why is it do you thank god you found her?
Why does Joshua address the israelite?
Why are religious teachings important to believers?
Why is palestine important to all Muslims?
Why do non religious people have a christian service?
Why do religion play an important role in a daily life?
Why did St Patrick enter the Religious life?
Why did the crusades have an impact on religion?
Why is does God forgive your sins?
Why is the crucifix covered on good Friday and holy Saturday?
Why are you special in god?
Why did st ignatus wirte the spiritual exercises?
Why did god make mothers?
Why did the Jews need the exile in Babylon?
Why is religion considered as instrument of change?
Why is religion serves as instrument of change?
Why is it important to have a place of worship?
Why should you care about Venial sin?
Why did elizebeth 1st change religion?
Why did religion organizations begin reaching out to youth and begin doing community service for them?
Why is ephesus most important of turkey?
Why does men love darkness?
Why was the apostle John called the one Jesus loved?
Why were religions and philosophies developed and what use are they?
Why was religions developed?
Why were the matriachs of Israel barren?
Why were the 7 sacraments created?
Why were Cain and abel different?
Why do very few families in Latin America own personal computers?
Why were many Jews and Christians were allowed to continue their religion under the Muslim caliphs?
Why did god use ezra for spiritual reformation?
Why are there secular and religious rituals?
Why did Middle East emigrant settled in the northern united states?
Why did the Puritans want Massachusetts to be called a city upon a hill?
Why are you proud to belong to the church?
Why is Shintoism no longer the state religion?
Why does it matter when a baby gets a soul?
Why is the festival Pantecost important to Jews?
Why is an organ important?
Why is it a good idea know what a religion believes?
Why were the gods concerned about Otis and Ephialtes?
Why cant it be a safe place for BOTH religions?
Why are people drawn to Gnosticism?
Why do Muslims pray towards the kaabaa?
Why was french democracy with a premier as leader so fragile?
Why does Albania hate Serbia?
Why is nazareth considered to be holy?
Why did Thor the god come to earth?
Why did King Ahaz make an alliance with the Assyrians?
Why does war cause problems?
Why is Garnism a valid religion?
Why are sacred writing important to belivers?
Why did God invent air?
Why is the middle east a shatter belt?
Why are people against pacfism?
Why have so many native American religious groups had to take cases before the supreme court?
Why did Sampson have five stones?
Why does the holy communion happen?
Why do you have the freedom of religion?
Why do some people think sports are religious?
Why do some religious groups bathe in milk?
Why was the sun god inti so important to the incans?
Why is idolatry forebidden?
Why do people believe in god and goddess?
Why did God say this was Gods prayer?
Why is it some people want religion in their school?
Why does the Asantes celebrate their naming celemony?
Why are people so judgemental about religion?
Why do people give rakhis?
Why dosome peoplebelive that in order to understand human beings fully you should study religion?
Why do you think huck said it was enough to make a body ashamed of the human race?
Why do people work for ecumenism?
Why do you think religion played an important role in the way rulers were regarded in early civilizations?
Why does religion suck?
Why would a 19 year old girl text a 47 year old man?
Why did Willaim Penn offer religious toleration?
Why is there evil in the universe?
Why is god to blame for suffering?
Why are Christians involved in social and community cohesion?
Why did the Roman Catholic Church sentence people to death?
Why are the Popes renamed John Paul?
Why does religion so rubbish?
Why is Ra holding an ank?
Why does God condemn sinners to hell?
Why did the settlers change the native Americans religion?
Why do dry spell happen in your spiritual life?
Why do you the people of the US of America allow this religion to practice in your country?
Why is Mitch McVicker not part of the Ragamuffins?
Why is important to learn about and other religion?
Why do many religions celebrate harvest?
Why are candles lit at a funeral?
Why did god create butterflies?
Why do three religions consider Israel holy?
Why was Musa send by God?
Why was pagan worshipers of earth burned by the church?
Why do people need spirtual needs?
Why is the Triduum holiest of holy days?
Why are monks differant from other groups?
Why is Florence Italy important now?
Why does Emile Durkheim consider rituals more central to religion than beliefs?
Why do buddhist go to lumbini?
Why did Sufism encounter more criticism from Muslims than Christian Mystics did from Christians?
Why are some people opposed to other religions?
Why will God destroy the whole world if he loves His creation?
Why would a relativist have problem giving a justified response to morality and religion?
Why did god leave us in sorro?
Why did amenhotop believe in one religion?
Why would you pray to poseidon?
Why do you think religion maintains and disrupt the world?
Why did first Friday start in the cathlic religion?
Why is religion practiced in Costa Rica?
Why are Americans so religions quote my mom said shell never talk to me again if i become atheist quote what are you then an atheist dramatically unquote why are they SO stupid?
Why does cristian faith teach people to help others?
Why do they cut babies hair at 3 months in Indonesia?
Why was Jacob father of the 12 tribes called Israel?
Why is christian spelt with a capitol letter?
Why have westerners turned to eastern religions in recent years?
Why are Jews so money grubbing and dishonest?
Why do people think science and religion are not compatible?
Why do mulsims blow up stuff?
Why was queen esther important to the history of the Jewish religion?
Why has the church come to speak of Structural injustice?
Why was Matt Palacious born?
Why is the Pilgramage to the Ganges celebrated?
Why did they make up god?
Why is it important for many religions to have a sacred book?
Why do you light candles before you pray?
Why are people baptised in christian churches?
Why does lent last more than forty days this year?
Why do you think it is important for many religions to have a sacred book like the guru granth sahib ji?
Why did the ottman empire allow difrrent religions?
Why is the religion so important to Jesus and helped them?
Why was religion important to Chinese people?
Why are the major western religion either more similar to or more different from the major eastern belief sysstem?
Why did Priests conduct torture?
Why did constintine change to a new religion?
Why is it important to have covenant with God?
Why does vanuatu have religions?
Why was religon so important to egyptain life?
Why are there so many Christian faiths in the world today?
Why do you praise God for keeping his promises?
Why would a religious believer want religious and moral issues on television?
Why is a religious scapular worn under clothes?
Why would a person send you a 14 years old picture and when they appear you are shocked at the difference in appearance?
Why are there 68 holy pilgrimages?
Why did the government want to get rid of religion?
Why might the percentage of people who view themselves as religious not be reflected in the overall rate of religious participation?
Why didAkhnaton religion fail?
Why were there different classes of slaves?
Why is celebrating important?
Why does God not answer us all the time?
Why did the soldiers rool the dice?
Why did god tell us to humble?
Why is the altar stripped on holy Thursday?
Why does Jefferson consider religious iberty one of the natural rightsof mankind?
Why was the roman religion boring?
Why did not men make girlfriends in old times?
Why was Jesus in conflict with the pharisees?
Why is Anne Frank famous in religious education?
Why was the king important to Amarica and religion?
Why is western a holy place for Jews?
Why do Arabic people believe that it is important to learn to read and write?
Why do teachers not have a right to speak religiously?
Why does thai lady have string on wedding finger?
Why is Easter Significant to Christian Religion?
Why did Junipero Serra teach about religion?
Why is catholic the most popular religion in Mozambique?
Why do holy men have halos?
Why do churches disallow the teaching of spirituality?
Why do children have disbelief in the divine?
Why did god create swearing?
Why is it commonplace for religious zealots to be so ignorant and judgmental?
Why are religions are always fighting?
Why is dyanchand known as the god of hockey?
Why was it important to agustus to establish religion?
Why is lord rama called the embodiment of perfection?
Why do you think that Athens and Spartan were so different even though they shared a language and religion?
Why is the western religious tradition sometimes called the Abraham tradition?
Why do people believe in Nazism?
Why does someone who dies have to be bureid by sundown in Jewish tradition?
Why did the Navajo men fight in world war 2?
Why would someone want to go on a pilgrimage?
Why do people use symbols to express their religious faith?
Why did Samuel express particular concern for honesty in the administration of justice in times prior to the monarchy?
Why do Americans protest on stoping the war and why don t you stay closer to god?
Why did Abigail Williams say she was a witch?
Why do Chinese celebrate Chinese new year?
Why are there religious clubs at school?
Why do people insist on looking outside themselves for a reason for their life?
Why should students learn a second language?
Why is being autonomous bad?
Why do virgens move out of there original place?
Why didnt pershing agree with an armistice?
Why do native christian churches face east?
Why are Muslims forbidden to have sex before marriage?
Why do many religions class pork as an unclean meat?
Why cant you be a religion of your own choice?
Why do all of us have different religions?
Why are Christians buried?
Why do Christians use lunar cycles for Easter?
Why are church services not held on a Saturday if Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest?
Why is Confucianism a philosophy instead of a religion?
Why is christian so good looking?
Why did the clergy and religious leave their jobs?
Why should everyone thank god for their food?
Why are religious festivals celebrated?
Why do some people do not belive in rightous anger?
Why did Jacob like joeseph the most?
Why do Catholics attend Good Friday ceremonies?
Why was freedom of religion so important?
Why was the Irrigation system so important for Shi Huangdi?
Why might some religious people agree with embryo research?
Why does no one know of the Angelics?
Why do you call the commandments a gift from god?
Why are the Gospels important for Christians today?
Why did the Muslims consider Jerusalem the Holy Land?
Why was religious freedom so important for same people?
Why do Arabs hate Jews so horribly bad?
Why does Pat Robertson believe that God is no longer bound to protect Americans?
Why did chavez begin organizing migrant farm working in delano?
Why do people have faith in something they have never seen felt heard or touched before?
Why did god make us to go to the toilet?
Why was it Muhammad responsiblilty to remove the corruption from religion?
Why are sweatshops anti christian?
Why did the founders write in freedom of religion?
Why did the Greeks give offerings to the gods?
Why is righteousness important?
Why did Christians go to Rome?
Why have people built many beautiful places to worship god?
Why was bull jumping sacred?
Why is the god Hercules still important?
Why is the church of the holy sepulcher important to Muslims?
Why is god so influential?
Why is there only one god yet there exists so many different religions?
Why is the religion important to Ireland?
Why do witches live alone?
Why is catholism condemned by the cult of satanism?
Why do you think the Mongols tolerated the religions of the Chrnese people?
Why did Paul return to the churches he had already founded?
Why was Confucius a great teacher?
Why is the story about jairus daughter is important for many christians?
Why do people wonder how the universe started?
Why is the wild boar sacred to Ares?
Why is easter imporant to christians?
Why do people fold their hands to pray?
Why does your grandma have a paper saying she will always be protected by the free masons?
Why do the youth practice religion?
Why is your the god pan important?
Why is Ernesto better then lubcero?
Why has the Buddha got big ears?
Why does religions not in war?
Why is christainity the most polpular religion in London?
Why does each religion have food laws?
Why were the Huron friendly to the coureur de bois?
Why do you think so many folk stories and even religious beliefs speak of symbols finding them and noticing them?
Why do my armpits smell like a bloody cleaver?
Why is the church apostilic?
Why do humans think they need religion?
Why do you pray three times at the graveyard?
Why did Allah choose Muhammad to be Prophet?
Why did god create the birds and the fish before the other animals?
Why is Christian next to you?
Why is a medinice wheel important to daily life?
Why can illness be a challenge to Christians?
Why does a nun wear a veil?
Why did the aborginals tell spiritual stories?
Why was ironworking an important skill in medieval Africa?
Why do you think religious dicussions are included in the mahabharata?
Why do most religious people seem so ignorant?
Why do people assume that there is a God?
Why was mash condemed by religious rights?
Why did people follow pope Alexander VI?
Why do Christians think praying is important?
Why is it illegal in the Islamic religion to have substances from vaccines in their bodies?
Why was entering the temple of Artemis at ephesus like walking into a forest?
Why does Christian want to speak for himself?
Why are laws important in religion?
Why did the prophet cleanse the kaaba?
Why is unholy interest in other person life called insanity?
Why do some people still refer to fundamentalists as extremists?
Why is religion fundemental to culture?
Why was john in ephesus when he wrote revelation?
Why did pastor randy Morrison stop preaching on rhema tv station of dstv on Sundays?
Why did Elijah kill all the prophets of baal?
Why was bones kept in wall of fireplace?
Why is socrates a rationalist?
Why do people refer to God as a male?
Why did the founders think freedom of religious is free?
Why is religion so important in schools?
Why is Dennis Murray on Shepherds Chapel instead of Arnold Murray?
Why did Jefferson want to change for religions church freedom?
Why is the holy trinity contradictory?
Why did religion play an important role in the lives of the Ancient Greeks?
Why does science see religion as a threat?
Why have the 1st great awakening by religious leaders?
Why did Mary madgdalene get stoned?
Why do people refuse god?
Why does church face east?
Why is Muhammadanism an inappropriate name for this religion?
Why is there so much chaos in Africa?
Why did the European princes fight the wars of religion?
Why did James Madison see religious freedoms as fundamentally different from other human rights?
Why is life in its very essence harmful instead of not?
Why did Mike Murdock leave Inspiration Ministries?
Why should Christians worship together?
Why do we show respect to the cross?
Why did Saint Blaise follow God?
Why are The Bishops and priests are the only people who can be ministers of the sacrament of?
Why were the talk show hosts and news acting like aliens in January 2010?
Why should People who pray should have everything they pray for?
Why did the early church oppose alchemy?
Why is this?
Why should you live holy?
Why is the gardwara is special?
Why was throat singing banned?
Why do people hold contrasting values to arranged marriages?
Why do most religious believers see children as a blessing?
Why do Christians tell others about being a Christian?
Why was the next guru a book?
Why did religious disputes continue even after the Peace of Augsburg?
Why will Christians take the bible for guidance?
Why are most christians against euthanasia?
Why did christains joined the crusades?
Why was the persecution of christians important?
Why does Homer respect the nuns in lilies of the field?
Why was the Inca sun god favored more than the other gods?
Why was it much better to be a son than a servant?
Why is the word Holy capitalize?
Why should life be hard?
Why did the Afghan arrive in Australia?
Why did Mary and Josph leave Nazareth?
Why are you fat is it because you are Asian and your name is Orlando?
Why do Chinese celebrate ghost festival?
Why do people give up so much of their time to worship?
Why do people say you are here by chance?
Why is the Holy Land sacred to the Jewish?
Why did the pioneers want a free religion?
Why do religions have wars if they teach love?
Why is the Lourdes a special place?
Why do we all have to be categorized in a religion?
Why do some countries ban films video games and books?
Why do Japanese people shave their heads?
Why is it called Chinese Lunar Year?
Why did the colonist come to America for religious freedom?
Why does religion attract tourists?
Why did many Jews and Christians were allowed to continue their religion under the Muslim caliphs?
Why would you select to accompany you participated in avision guest?
Why is the holy spriit called the advocate?
Why wasnt mahammad religious beliefs accepted at first in mecca?
Why do some people believe that Judgement day is on May 21st 2011?
Why is there more than one Christianity group?
Why did the council of Ephesus reject the Apocrypha?
Why do you all have to be catogorized in religion?
Why does Lady Gaga prefer the colour black?
Why is racism still around today?
Why do people put dolls in coffins with the dead people?
Why do people still believe in Christianity when they have told lies about judgement day?
Why do some people not think they are christians after beng baptised?
Why do so many gurus have beards?
Why did Shinto come to be a Religion?
Why will there be no sea on the new earth?
Why does Islamic religion cause trouble in most society it found?
Why do different cultures have different creation stories?
Why is church called people of god?
Why does god suck?
Why do you have to respect all types of religion?
Why does some cristians like war?
Why is queen estha courageous?
Why did pentecostalism start?
Why does Study of the religious texts is very important to Judaism?
Why do the church have baptismal oil?
Why do you have faith in your own religion?
Why was there a dispute over the use of icons in religious practices?
Why do people walk in darkeness?
Why is Judaism so unpopular in the world today?
Why are 108 bell rang at Japanese new year?
Why do you think that there is more people in hell than heaven?
Why did a religious resurgence occur in the 1950s?
Why is establishment of religion not a protected speech?
Why did medievil people believe in god?
Why do people talk to the sky?
Why is congress prohibited from established an official Religion?
Why did the holy city of dwarka struggled and sank instead of being made as per the vastu shastra?
Why does Holden think talking about religion spoils the conversation?
Why is there white candles in windows when its not Christmas?
Why was prisca important in the early church?
Why is this babbling in your ear quote?
Why is festival of sama chakewa celebrated?
Why do people hold contrasting values to honour killing?
Why is Oral Story Telling an important part of Religion?
Why did Earl Warren outrage religious conservatives?
Why is everyone afraid to say hell?
Why do Chinese shrines have red lights?
Why were the seven helpers chosen?
Why is the western wall holy to the Jews?
Why do you see the time eleven past nine many times when you look at the time?
Why did st paul have a conversion?
Why do people who wish bad to others prosper?
Why did the Nazis do what they did?
Why was Assiniboine chief little bear disliked?
Why are there gohst faces showing up in my pictures?
Why did they outlaw religion in public schools?
Why are some religious festivals public holidays?
Why are moral rules needed in different religions?
Why would a religious person be self centred?
Why do religious people believe they should look after the environment?
Why is the kaaba mecca never dirty with bird dropping?
Why do people get baptised in the holy spirit?
Why do Muslims mainly worship?
Why would we born and die?
Why would we love?
Why do 1 or 2 sores appear your vagina and hurt and sometimes bust and bleed?
Why did Christian refuse to serve in the army or hold public office?
Why is Christianity a faux?
Why do your religion differ from one another?
Why was the world created religious?
Why do some Muslims agree with contraception?
Why do people desire intimacy?
Why is church called mass?
Why do divisions occur in world religions?
Why do insurance companies call disasters acts of God?
Why do bad things happen to good people and good things happen to bad people?
Why would God let Kenny die, Chef?
Why would you wage war if you are commanded by God to not kill?
Why did god create different people with different outlooks and priorities?
Why did god create so many people with different things they love above everything else in life?
Why is Midwest important to the us?
Why is gold used in sillicon chips?
Why is it important to take traditional biliefs into consideration when introducing domestic electricity to communities that have no previous experience of it?
Why is a church roof shaped like a boat?
Why do you bless ourselves with holy water?
Why were there so many different religions found in SOutheast ASia?
Why is uranus the god of the sky?
Why are holy texts used?
Why is it important to have a strong spiritual founation?
Why did god rename sarai?
Why was Amos an important prophet?
Why were Christians antisocial?
Why are people moved by the star of david?
Why would religious believers care about the environment?
Why is Arabic calligraphy considered an art?
Why did the servance of the egytian gods to be clean to serv the gods?
Why cant religious groups adopt orphans?
Why is religion and beliefs become the cause of international misunderstanding?
Why is gay pride on fathers day?
Why did sister francise domica become a nun?
Why are modern peoples different from those in ancient times?
Why do you learn about another place in geography?
Why did Tanzania remain a secular state?
Why should people be careful not to turn their backs to deities in a mandir?
Why are Muslims agaist bullying?
Why did god make the sinai covant with the Isrealites?
Why is god gone?
Why do Sikhs only have one god?
Why is 25th June ladies day?
Why is the Paten a sacred object?
Why is a creed important for religions?
Why is bamiyan special?
Why should holy books that are old be trusted?
Why would a werewolf follow a particular person?
Why are shirts wrapped around tree trunks on the scenic road between East Glacier and Babb in Montana?
Why is your boyfriend must Love U?
Why do religion exists?
Why is darwinism so appealing?
Why would one be a religion that they do not love?
Why is art and religion are related to each other?
Why did Friedrich Nietzsche reject religion?
Why should you develop your own personality?
Why is it important to study the lives of religious leaders?
Why do Sikhs choose to look after the world?
Why is god inpamta?
Why is it important to the religion of the wailing wall?
Why are some religion against animal testing?
Why do catholics beat their hearts?
Why is Vatican City significant to its religion?
Why is it you need to study responsibility?
Why is prayer the most important guide in anything we do?
Why is 2003 the year of light?
Why do Muslims bombs?
Why do Buddhas use the flower as a symbol?
Why do people not cut their hair?
Why is ganga considered holy?
Why does Mary MacKillop have a rose?
Why should women not take an active part in church leadership?
Why is current educational policies have been favorable toward the blending of education and religion?
Why do Christians go to the Church of the Holy Sepulcher?
Why are sacred journeys are important to religious believers?
Why does the church in the Philippines need to engage in interreligious dialogue?
Why was it important for the bark for coolamons to be pulled off in one piece?
Why do people go on a pilgrimage to Nazareth?
Why does goat used to display Devil face?
Why does Hindu gods have more than two arms?
Why did the Olympics have such religious significance?
Why did some of the colonists ideas about religious tolerance change?
Why do you always pray?
Why are symbols important in festivals?
Why did the olympic games have such religious sigiicance?
Why was god chosen for its symbolizing?
Why did romams allow Jews to worship their religion?
Why is war and peace a moral decision?
Why are some people agnostics?
Why is a priest hidden during confession?
Why are you sent to the Earth?
Why do goddess worship the Hindu religion?
Why do some religions ban TV?
Why does what you resist persist?
Why is the punishment of israel and judah a physical reflection of their spiritual state?
Why do not neplese people eat cow?
Why is jerusleam holy for arabs?
Why is God called God in Gen 1 and Lord God in Gen 2 and 3?
Why do people have a temporary membership in the sangha?
Why do you feel the need to save people from addiction?
Why are gay people not convicted of their sin?
Why does your head get heavy after you pray?
Why are significant relational groups essential for a dynamic congregation?
Why do we not need moral values?
Why did pontius Pilate send Jesus to King Herod?
Why is it important for us to know the Jewish practices?
Why do people say demons are evil?
Why do you hear of cases of discrimination exclusion or persecution in the name of religion?
Why did Paul was still joyful even though he was imprisoned?
Why is religion likely to remain a strong feature of US life?
Why is number 13 so important in the Occult?
Why do you agree that the beauty of nature reflects God?
Why do some people worship elephants?
Why are religious holidays in india are given?
Why might belief in life after death be important to Christianity and other religions?
Why did god put us on this planet?
Why is sex wrong before marrige?
Why do you have to be faithful?
Why do you have to capitalize words of religious significance?
Why is the mention of god as creator important in the nicene creed?
Why do people study different religions?
Why does worship differ from place to place for Greek orthodox?
Why do we believe in religion?
Why do people believe in God when he is not real?
Why did the Byzantine period change into the Gothic period?
Why do the ancient Egyptians worshipped the Nile as a god?
Why did God speak to the Biblical characters but not everyone else today?
Why is religion so important to peru?
Why is dream analysis awarded the same value as psychology while palm reading and tarot are not?
Why do other religions than Christianity not believe in saints?
Why does huck enjoying the bread that ironically has been sent to fin him decide that perhaps there is something in religion after all?
Why do you afraid of god?
Why does an eastern star have 5 points?
Why are mongolians so traditional and religious?
Why do you think spirituality affects your emotions?
Why is religion so important to the peruvian people?
Why should you follow one religion while you could just as easily follow another?
Why do they need to celebrate Bar Matzvah?
Why does Pi Patel think he needs all three religions?
Why do Jews call it the synagogue?
Why would god givve teaching one murder rights after he has wiped out most of the human race with the flood?
Why did save you from a bad car accident just so he could allow you tolive in hell?
Why do you think some people have a religion?
Why do you have a difference mind?
Why is a religion old as humankind?
Why do societies have culture conflict?
Why was the highest priest came to celebrate pentecost?
Why should greek religion be taught?
Why does your brother keep saying he sees a big scary man?
Why do you have to pray to god?
Why is it that nobody knows what god is?
Why do punjabi girls more inclined to others when the sardars are single not jst smart but also sweet I are not sardar but my friend is and his nature is perfect to have gfs shame on punjabi gals?
Why doesnt god like gays?
Why would a prayer of praise be used?
Why is the rooster important to the cursillo?
Why do people affiliate to a religious body?
Why are indigenous religions are no longer called primitive religions but instead are called primal religions?
Why were different religious groups in Great Britain called dissenters?
Why do you think that money has such stronghold over church leaders that almost rivals that for leader and CEO of companies?
Why do you think money has such a stronghold on church leaders that almost rivals that for leaders and CEO of companies?
Why do you think that we arabs are the bad people with the bad relegion we never talked about yours so dont talk about ours?
Why was bedouin important?
Why did Joad kill abner?
Why do you like the book number the stars?
Why are you happy to belong to the Church?
Why did Raavana take revenge on Rama?
Why does television present religious people as out of touch with the modern world?
Why did lord Baltimore allow religious toleration at the onset of the establishment of the Maryland colony?
Why has religion caused all of the major wars in history when they all teach peace?
Why was religion so important in ancient societies?
Why do people create and or become apart of a religion?
Why might some people not consider confucianism as a religion?
Why does education necessary in the church?
Why do many people believe in religions?
Why is good character known as the base of personality development?
Why do it benefit humans to project anthropomorphic qualities onto gods?
Why would it matter if God existed?
Why is society important to us?
Why do you think ritual and celebrations an important part of all religions?
Why is ceres named after demeter the god?
Why do people still believe in god in this day and age?
Why are most monks male?
Why does expect mean looking for when ex means away from and spectare means look?
Why did early civilizations develop religions?
Why do religions have common themes and holidays at similiar times?
Why is the god hidden?
Why american men like filipino women?
Why do we learn about religion?
Why do adults have babys yet do not lay eggs how many origins of speaces can there be?
Why was the shinto religion found?
Why was religion important for early slaves?
Why is it important to do religous studies?
Why does judiasm religion has the stories they do?
Why did early religions have so many gods or goddesses?
Why are you a Christian when you are supposed to be a Muslim?
Why is so much importance attached to the birth of religious people?
Why do people easily believe?
Why do people use the om?
Why did Erasmus write books on religion?
Why do some religions use symbols to describe god?
Why does fasting help Muslims to concentrate on Allah?
Why is Jerusalem considered a major city in terms of world religion?
Why was it wrong for David to take a census?
Why is god not human?
Why don bosco relic was held?
Why is it important to know what a chronicler is in history?
Why was there a strong religion theme in art in new France?
Why did the national convention attack the catholic religion how did they do so?
Why is Islamic religion significant?
Why does the human heart long for God?
Why did religion play in the development of your religion?
Why is religion a controversial issue?
Why is religion the main cause of wars?
Why would you want to be part of the FCA Leadership Team?
Why did martin Luther form the protestant religion?
Why are crossroad hamlets so common in a particular region?
Why does Germany believe in god?
Why did the Moche empire fall?
Why does people do differently because they believe god id there leader?
Why doctrine such importance in many all religion?
Why was religion in Europe during the 1500s difficult?
Why did god reject elis family from priesthood?
Why is prayer useful in most religions?
Why do you called israel land of promises?
Why should one study psychology of religion?
Why did egypian gods become gods?
Why does the weather change all the time in England?
Why do diffrent religions have simlaritys and diffrents?
Why did the Islamic religion branch off into two different sects the shia and sunni?
Why were the evangelists given there symbols?
Why was there religious wars in the medieval period?
Why did JFK religion worry Americans?
Why are there diffrent religions in the world?
Why is GOD reagent specific to detection of glucose?
Why do others not believe in this religion?
Why did the army of Charles you Spain their battleground for 30 years?
Why can societies not function for long period of time without an effective system of social control?
Why were drums important to Africans during slaverly?
Why is fearlessness important in society?
Why do Muslims not belive that the phrophet eesas death could be a sacrifice for the sins of mankind?
Why should religion never be criticised in media?
Why was Muhammad bin qasim successful in changing the culture religion and society?
Why does your my pocket god challenge of the god and battle of the god?
Why do you have to discipline?
Why do you need the RH law?
Why did religion change in the sixteenth cantury?
Why are people crazy about religion?
Why did John Calvin Believe in Public Education?
Why is dusherra celebrated?
Why do societies develop religion?
Why was religion so important in 1000 AD?
Why did god decide to make an end of all flesh?
Why did religion threat the government?
Why was it difficult practice there religion?
Why is salination a problem?
Why are people always hanged to death at times of sunset and sunrise only why not at any other time?
Why has the roman missal changed?
Why did William Penn allow people to practice different religions in his colony of Pennsylvania?
Why did the people of the different region adopt different religions?
Why is Easter so important for the Greek Orthodox religion?
Why might paranormal prove there is life after death?
Why is it important to study religion from an academic perspective?
Why was religion important o the city states of Mesopotamia?
Why do CAtholics put so much emphasis on Mary?
Why do churches play such an important role in many religions?
Why is that?
Why is calligraphy used in religion?
Why are there more than one translation in the bible?
Why is jamestowns religion roman catholic?
Why are you limited to speaking about God in metaphors?
Why is Gods so patience with disobedience believers?
Why does a teardrop fall from a dead persons eyes?
Why are monks setting themselves oon fire in Tibet?
Why does a religion need to have a leader?
Why is symbolism is important in peoples lives?
Why was the role of religion in the colonies so important?
Why does religion have a strong impact in developing countries and especially among movements for political change?
Why does life appear to be one big lie?
Why does the world need disciples?
Why is tolerance important when talking about religions?
Why do each of the religions believe this?
Why do you think conflicts arose between people of diffrent religions in some of the colonies what are some things that they might have disagreed about?
Why was religion so important to the ancient Egyptain?
Why is orisis green?
Why do religions tend to grow in times of conflict?
Why were religoins fighting?
Why do people like the moon goddess?
Why did religions evolve?
Why is muhammed the perfect person?
Why should the media not be able to criticize what religions say about life after death?
Why do Christians visit Iona Britain?
Why is Iran sometimes called a theocrattic republic?
Why is shahada so important?
Why is water important in the religion judaism?
Why are people blindfolded when playing with a pinatta?
Why did the europeans come for religion?
Why is God sad?
Why is god called god is it coz he is you?
Why is it called a column Was it published somewhere If so when and where?
Why is god our saviour?
Why do catholics devote themselves to Mary?
Why did religion arise in ancient history?
Why are churches a religion?
Why did the serbian attack the people of the other religions?
Why did valmiki stsrt writing Ramayana?
Why are people in Britain turning away from Christianity?
Why is it easier to live in a society where there is only one religion?
Why is Omri largely ignored in the biblical record?
Why is calligraphy important in religion?
Why do they follow God?
Why did Madonna convert to a different religion?
Why are religious people so insistant on putting things like arrogant atheists think that this wasnt made for us on demotavational posters when their views are just as if not more ridiculous?
Why do people take religion so serieously?
Why do people take religion so seriously?
Why is the rosary considered sinful to repeatedly follow rituals in using it?
Why is the pope not charged with crimes against humanity?
Why did British want freedom of religion?
Why are religion credits from a non public school transferable to a public school in Michigan?
Why do murdoch feel itis important to clarify the relation ship of morality to religion?
Why do parents NEVER go to school?
Why are you so beautiful to God?
Why do people fight over religions?
Why is this in Religion and Spirituality?
Why is god in your pants?
Why do diffrent religions fight over land?
Why are you using cristian terms to define certain aspects of a Buddhist movement such as protestant and evangelist?
Why are policemen heroes?
Why do people want barmitzvahs?
Why is filique conversational to the church?
Why was the Intolerable Acts responsible?
Why do religions have a place of worship?
Why did Paul chose Timothy to go to Ephesus?
Why is religion needed in a bio data?
Why do people go to knock and why it is impotent?
Why was this religion practice?
Why was religion impotant in the 16th century?
Why was religion so important at the time of exploration?
Why do some religions pray more often than others?
Why do you continue living?
Why do religions consider the earth a sacred place?
Why did this religion spread musilm?
Why would someone go to a pilgrimage in 14th century England?
Why was stained glass important to religion?
Why did the people get mad at amenhotep for changing the religion?
Why is the chief religion of India of pakistan and bangladesh?
Why was it not easy for people to practice religion freely in Europe?
Why do different religions wear different clothes?
Why is pilgrimage important to peoples faith?
Why was most medieval art based on religion?
Why has dharma changed?
Why was it so important to build the Temple?
Why do you struggle with religion and different personalities?
Why did people follow the Janus religion?
Why did Re take on sailing?
Why did Joseph plan to break his engagement with Mary?
Why do you think people were drawn to the beliefs of Ignatius loyola?
Why cant Muslims draw animals?
Why do religions not allow drug use in sport?
Why are spirits following you?
Why are flower petals sometimes put in the shape of a cross?
Why do they name god god?
Why was religion important in the collonies?
Why might practicing a different religion from the majority be a problem?
Why do some Hindus follow a guru?
Why is roman catholic dominant religion in south America?
Why did the state want to ensure the federal government did that not establish a national religion?
Why is Diego d so holy?
Why did Japanese policy change over time?
Why do so many Japanese think its legitimate to be buddhish?
Why do you think we wear clothes?
Why did the rise of a new power in the religion cause the decline of kush?
Why does it call you a caucasian on your certificate of birth?
Why is scienetology praticed?
Why is one religion dominant in south America?
Why is architecture important in religion?
Why do people choose to worship a religion?
Why should you have freedom of religion?
Why do people keep calling god a higher power when just a look around is full evidence of a lower power some lesser god and perhaps a mildly retarded god and an underachiever?
Why does the soul less god of this world look away from its anguish?
Why cant i get the feeling of relaxation again when you meditate?
Why would couples want to have wedding vows?
Why doesnt everyone become a Mormon so that they can discover for themselves that it is complete delusionalism?
Why was the book of Job in the writings instead of the prophets?
Why do you belong to your group?
Why does the bible make Jesus out to be a hipocrit a drama queen a spiteful person a negative Nancy a narcisist a selfrighteous condemer and a pleigerist?
Why is Halloween a special time of year?
Why did Jesus lead a life of poverty?
Why did the Muslim empire alow people from other religions live there?
Why do christians believe different things about other religions?
Why do Folk use the Swastika sign?
Why is every house sold in the US not required to be listed so that all colors and races and religions can make an offer?
Why was it wrong for Theodocious to make Christianity the only legal religion in the empire?
Why was freedom of religion an important principle in early america?
Why do religions only pray in one god?
Why did people prayed to thor?
Why are your nipples so cold after i dipped them in sulfuric farts?
Why does this really matter to you?
Why do people think that god is a boy when he could be a girl?
Why do Jews eat lamb without blemish?
Why is it that the government is taking Christianity and other religions out of school?
Why do Muslim girls wear turban?
Why is the age thirteen important in the Jewish tradition?
Why would someone want to be holy?
Why do divisions exist in most world religions?
Why do certain religions sing?
Why are some orphanages poor?
Why should a christian not watch pornography?
Why do people of the buddist religion think mount fugi is holy?
Why does the UK have such a wide range of religion?
Why is November the fifth celebrated as bonfire night?
Why did Allah choose a sheep as sacrificing animal?
Why do people try to act like Jesus?
Why were Meccan businessmen alarmed by the new religion?
Why does religion involve taking action?
Why does Moshe his life was spared?
Why is unity important for the church?
Why should one study religion from a philosophical perspective?
Why is it when you sit down in religion its boring?
Why is there so many different religion?
Why is there prejudice in religion?
Why is learning about world religions is valuable and an important part of my education?
Why is it important to establish boundaries between countries?
Why does everyone always get their panties all in a bunch over their religion?
Why was Guru Nanak a Messenger of god?
Why did Akenaton change religion?
Why do restrictions about food play such an important part in many religions?
Why was the 26th amendment creted?
Why does religious cults seek status as organized religions?
Why is Nathon Nall awesome?
Why are tassels on Jewish garments important to their faith?
Why do residents of a geographic region share common religious beliefs?
Why do residence a geographic region share religious beliefs?
Why did caedmon leave the party?
Why did dashrath sent his sons for exile of 14 years in ramayana?
Why did Mary change her religion?
Why is the noble path sometiemes called the middle way?
Why is the sun important to culture?
Why is it important to be tolerant of other peoples religion?
Why were the gods created in Greece?
Why was the Northern and French Gothic style so distinct and Why did it spread so rapidly?
Why is two a special number?
Why do Christians hate athiests?
Why is Orpheum an appropriate name for a theater?
Why does God not destroy the devil?
Why is religion often the source of great controversy?
Why is being Muslim different for different people?
Why is being a Muslim in Britain different to a Muslim in another country?
Why are the severant songs important?
Why didnt males allow women to preech?
Why is judisam different from than the other religions?
Why has the arch bishop of Canterbury been in the news recently?
Why cant people follow their religion?
Why do Muslims kiss the kaaba?
Why do people still think that god does not exist because o f suffering?
Why do you have religion there is no point?
Why will mixed faith marriages cause problems?
Why are people fishing for religion?
Why did Englands religion change between 1509 and 1603?
Why do christians celebrate funerals?
Why was the religion of Hatsheput conceded unusual?
Why did the leader of syria and Iraq appose the US air strike in Afghanistan?
Why is it significant important as a world religion?
Why is religious important when dealing with art?
Why did the sumerians record the positions of starsl and plantes and develop a calendar?
Why would some religions say war is not necessary?
Why was Mary Tudor a different religion to her father?
Why do hindou goddesses have 4 arms?
Why might parents want to bring their chlid in to a religion?
Why are photographs of the dead removed?
Why was religion taught in school in the colonial days?
Why do Muslims pratice their religion at the dome of rock?
Why did god make the internet cause there is just dirty pictures on it?
Why does religion rely heavily on symbolism is it to avoid government intervention?
Why is this ceremonyimportant to christans?
Why do churches ask for money if God owns everything?
Why is one reason people are executed expect for religion?
Why did Jews begin?
Why is it unholy to suicide?
Why do yemeni women dance barefooted?
Why does shiva hold a deer and fire?
Why did roman leaders oppose Jesus ideas about religion?
Why were the people of India leaving in 2009?
Why does the Complete Jewish Bible state in Acts they were called Messianic?
Why do Muslims only eat salt dates milk honey in eid?
Why do Muslims celebrate bakrid?
Why was the UDHR made?
Why does Julian like Anna?
Why was the goma mask used for sacrificial ceremonies?
Why does some people feel the love of God and others do not?
Why was smashing up the idols important to the Islamic religion?
Why would a priest a rabbi and a Jew walk into a bar just to be made fun of?
Why do people co nvert to other religions?
Why is maria Christina Gomez famous?
Why is freedom of religion at the end of the constitution?
Why is Confucianism considered a philosophy insted of a religion?
Why is Melchizedek important to the church?
Why do people eat empanadas?
Why do you need to accept the difference in religion?
Why were religion tests banned from the constitution?
Why did Europe want to trade with Mansa Musa?
Why is it important organized religion?
Why is relion so important to people?
Why did swami Vivekananda died at the early age of only 39?
Why do you have diiferent religions when you all believe in the same god?
Why do you practice a religion?
Why did religion play an important role in the Egyptian life?
Why is idolatry considered a problem?
Why is the world not yet afraid of the christian hidden agenda?
Why is practicing abstinence from sexual activity one of the most important decisions you can make to protect you furture health?
Why did Williams allow people to practice different religions in his colony of Pennsylvania?
Why was Noah a vineyard keeper?
Why should an imam visit the sick?
Why does Mary have the title called Star of the Sea?
Why do icons of Mary have large eyes and small mouth symbolise?
Why does the icon of Mary have big eyes and small mouth symbolise?
Why should fasting not be a part of religion?
Why did Jesus disturb the peace in the temple?
Why is there an Indian temple in Chinatown in Singapore?
Why is there a k in Oktoberfest?
Why do religion make other people communicate?
Why is religion is important to people there lives?
Why do religions believe in pacifism?
Why does god not perform mericals today?
Why is only the Christmas season to be jolly?
Why has wood selected the city of varanasi as the starting point?
Why is chichen itza a mystery?
Why is your brief existence so seemingly pointless unimpactful and unimportant and yet the struggle for survival so relentless?
Why do women have to change their names when they get married?
Why would God make us if he knew we would be sinful?
Why was the story in the book of deuteronomy be set into there sermons?
Why do you have speritital belifes?
Why does Schindler stay friends with goeth?
Why was Hagar so important in the bible?
Why are religious symbols and rituals the most important part of religion?
Why was religion important in the colanies?
Why is it a Jewish person can eat cheese and can eat cheese but can not eat it together?
Why do some christians always wear skirts?
Why does Niebuhr describe religious life as ambiguous?
Why were people buried with Anubis?
Why do angels serve God?
Why was marriage and religion discouraged in the soviet union?
Why did the Japanese come to Michigan?
Why does God places such a high value on humility in a persons life?
Why does god allow porno on the internet?
Why did islamic religion branch off into sects the shia and sunni?
Why are boys so mean to girls sometimes and then be nice when they wont some thing from you?
Why did gandhi belive that your mind is the key set you free?
Why was khadija the pure one?
Why cannot marry on advent month?
Why does religion ignore the name of the Almighty?
Why is the church different from judiasm?
Why did the harappan society collapse?
Why do you put two dwajaa for hanuman?
Why did Mary travel to Bethlehem so heavily pregnant?
Why do you dream so much at night?
Why does an empty tent represent ahaz and hezekiah?
Why is the great Eropean plains an important religion?
Why did surpluses lead to the grouth of trade?
Why did people want a different religion in ancient Rome?
Why were antiphonts made?
Why are the Gospel Known as the good news?
Why is the religion important to the pilgrims back when they first arrived to America?
Why does the ministers and elders wear black during church communion?
Why is becca Stephens so filthy?
Why did the Danes destroy their own navy in number the stars?
Why do you think the tejas people rejected the catholic religion?
Why was the Islamic religion made?
Why do Rastafaris celebrate nyabinghi?
Why did ancient man use religion to explain the physics of the universe?
Why is holy week a time of significance?
Why is buddism religion still significant today?
Why do some liberals seem to hate anything that has to do with christianity?
Why did paul and barnabus split in the new testament?
Why is there religious intolerance?
Why havent ethnic religions spread?
Why do you think people like to belong to a community such as a school or religion?
Why does everyone always exclude me?
Why are Jews and Muslims allow to express their respective holy days in school while Christmas is excluded in a lot of schools?
Why is cat Stevens important?
Why do christian hate Jews?
Why do people hate religion?
Why should I have a religion?
Why should Christians worship in a synagoue?
Why is the story behind Diwali so important?
Why is witchcraft considered to be a religion?
Why do countries go to wars?
Why is the religion important in the lives of most Indians?
Why are there so many different images of Jesus in the Gospels?
Why didnt historians know about the minoans and mycenaeans?
Why are the three largest religions in Canada?
Why did Abraham give up his life in your?
Why was the religion so important in egypt?
Why are muslimss called mohammadians?
Why would someone disagree with the statement it easier to forgive if you are a christian?
Why do Quakers not drink alcohol?
Why do gentiles not celebrate Hanukkah?
Why did Paul Crouch Jr leave TBN?
Why did Ghandi become a influencial person?
Why is it important a bishop prayers?
Why do some people hold the view that nothing happens when you die?
Why should you believe in religion?
Why do non religion people belief there is an afterlife?
Why do people believe in god when clearly evolution is far more logical and likely?
Why cant you and God be a religion?
Why does religious belief are popular subjects of art?
Why do you need to have religions if you can stay in one religion?
Why do cultures create cultural segregation?
Why is Jesus insprational?
Why would people be made in the image of God which would make god a wreched animal feeding off the misery of others?
Why do people believe science has disproved religion?
Why is it depressing to consider hatred and lust in life?
Why did Jesus wear a purple robe during his trial?
Why did Stalin raintrudyse religion institutions that had previously been banned in Russian?
Why was david the national hero of Israel?
Why do knights not run away from god?
Why is god deserving of your trust?
Why are the people who started religions important?
Why are questions that question religion and faith considered inappropriate subject matter?
Why should a believer seek gods will for his life?
Why do people play the gamelan?
Why would religion have been so important in the life of slave?
Why did the church want people to believe in witches?
Why are Muslims agitade when asked questions about their religion?
Why do people discriminate against different religion?
Why is there a need for religious tolerence?
Why are masks worn by men not woman?
Why did eritreans not want to be controlled by ethiopians?
Why was religion so important to colonial development?
Why did urbanization lead to the emergence of the great world religions?
Why would religion missionaries suggest that colonizing was a desirable practice?
Why is maines religion good?
Why was it difficult to predict how the gods might behave?
Why was father Serra called the father of the California missions?
Why was England left out as an ally of Israel?
Why do men of the Islamic religion were little hats?
Why was a cemetery or graveyard a priority in the architectural planning of a church?
Why is receiving the sacred thread like a second birth?
Why did the religion Confucianism began?
Why do state and religion comes to debate?
Why is Abraham important to different religions?
Why are belief system important to people?
Why do christians who experience forgiveness say that they have been saved?
Why was akhenaton new religion so unpopular?
Why do people display 3 wine glasses from tallest to shortest?
Why does the main door in a church face west?
Why do Sikhs share karah parshad?
Why would a Muslim today keep the religion of their ancestors?
Why would a Muslim today take religion of their ancestors?
Why do different religions treat there holy book in different ways?
Why were the two religions in a fight?
Why do people fell guiltier about doing things that are wrong than others?
Why do some people feel more guilt about doing wrong than other people?
Why was moab important?
Why will there be martial law 2012?
Why do religions prohibit alcohol?
Why would people want to mark stages of their life in a religious way?
Why is religion one of the 7 traits of civilization?
Why did annelise Michel have black eyes?
Why was religion important of misson santa Barbara?
Why was religion important to the missions?
Why are some churches negative?
Why do you think light is an important symbols in religion?
Why did Jesus stay away from Bethany until after Lazarus had died?
Why does God hate homosexuality?
Why do people having deffirent religions?
Why do ancient and religion go together?
Why might historians differ in their views of the shihuangdi as a sucess ruler?
Why should you delay baptism to a later age?
Why did God not intervene in the use of concentration camps?
Why is man presumed to be good?
Why are Jews abusing palestine?
Why are the 2 religions the religions?
Why is the buddha important in world history?
Why do anglicans live outside of Britain?
Why is comparative religions a required course?
Why do Jewish people believe hey should obey gods food laws?
Why is the Bayeaux Tapestry carbon dated to the 15th century?
Why did marinna cope get caniozed?
Why is Acadia an important area for Britain and France to control?
Why did so many Americans join the methodist church in the late 1700s and early 1800s?
Why do Muslims protest mainly on fridays?
Why did abram leave cannan?
Why is religious practice important for people of religious faith?
Why did the men lower the sick man into the house through the roof?
Why would it be diffacult for an English Muslim to follow the 5 pillers?
Why is the Confucianism symbol water?
Why do some religions not agree with images of there god?
Why was Muhammad concern about the plight of widow?
Why is it said that Abraham is a central figure?
Why is the cryosphere importat?
Why would it be beneficial to choose your own religion than be made to?
Why are youth rallies important?
Why are there blasphemy thoughts against God?
Why do people like juliet prowse?
Why do religious philosophers want to know who Jesus is?
Why are rites of passage important to religion?
Why is the sasa important to the Samoan culture?
Why were plantations like small villages?
Why is it significant about John being the first child in the family born in the North in go tell it on the mountain?
Why do people believe in many gods?
Why does the Christian Right hate Harry Potter?
Why do people start new religions?
Why was the vietnam war started?
Why do people put flowers on graves?
Why was the world created?
Why did the Egyptians worship cats?
Why does god let people die?
Why are festivals celebrated?
Why do you place a dime under the infant of Prague?
Why is virtue important?
Why is the choir important in the church?
Why do you even exist?
Why was Massechusetts founded?
Why do churches have steeples?
Why do religions exist?
Why is monotheism important?
Why is knowing prefixes rootward and suffixes in science?
Why did the fcat be created?
Why do you have wreaths at Christmas?
Why did people settle in the New England colonies?
Why is st nicholas day celebrated?
Why was the UN created?
Why is the low man on the totem pole misleading?
Why did siddhartha gautama look for the cause of human suffering?
Why do religions celebrate?
Why are some people afraid to die?
Why cant you live forever?
Why do people always say Oh your God?
Why do they use a protracter?
Why do people judge other religions?
Why do people believe in reincarnation?
Why did the Romans put wreaths on their front doors?
Why were people mummified?
Why do monks shave their heads?
Why is 42 the meaning of life?
Why do Muslim men or women cover their head when they pray?
Why do people go on a pilgrimage?
Why is the meaning of life 42?
Why was Jesus killed?
Why dont people live forever?
Why are there so many greek gods and goddesses?
Why does God want us to pray?
Why was Pennsylvania Created?
Why was Ramses II important?
Why are rainbows formed?
Why do people go to a pilgrimage?
Why did kellie copeland kutz divorce?
Why is god black?
Why do people go on pilgrimage?
Why are so many people religious when there is no proof of God?
Why do some people hate each other?
Why did Jesus wash the disciples feet?
Why is Alice Walker famous?
Why did Deborah Sampson die?
Why do christians believe in god?
Why is your life so bad?
Why does Christians hate Muslims?
Why is ther to many abortions?
Why dont you eat meat on good friday?
Why is religious freedom important in the US?
Why is religion important to people?
Why do bananas turn yellow?
Why was Axum so prosperous?
Why do bananas get mushy?
Why are people accused of being witches?
Why is the buddah important?
Why is there a heaven and a hell?
Why doesnt god show himself?
Why was the pyramid of Khufu made?
Why was King Solomon important?
Why do you have space?
Why do unbelievers prosper?
Why did the renaissance begin in Europe?
Why is it that some people lose their faith while others are converted?
Why did people fear witches?
Why did you decide to use it?
Why did the Irish come?
Why were people afraid of witches?
Why has friar Lawrence given A letter to friar john to deliver to romeo?
Why did gautama begin a search for truth?
Why do states create local governments?
Why did people go on pilgrimage?
Why is important to be honest?
Why did they want to kill Jesus?
Why did the vikings worship gods?
Why was mansa musa important?
Why do religions have festivals?
Why do you need a brain?
Why do you study religion?
Why did socrates disagree with the sophists?
Why does he say it is important to give aid to Turkey?
Why do suicide bombers wear helmets?
Why should human persons arrive at the objective norm or standard of morality?
Why is the gurdwara special?
Why do people claim that they see a light when they are dying?
Why does the Mayan Calendar end Dec 21 2012?
Why did God call Abraham?
Why is man an embodied spirit?
Why do you choose a confirmation name?
Why do animals not go to heaven?
Why is man considered a supreme creation of God?
Why do women get horny?
Why were the Quakers important?
Why did the puritans settle in New England?
Why did mansa musa have so much gold to give away?
Why is religion the opium of the people?
Why do religions share the holy book?
Why were some people afraid of the Constitution?
Why did people worship the sun?
Why is the hagia Sophia a wonder?
Why is it important for people to understand how the world works around them?
Why are religions important?
Why is gluttony orange?
Why were puritan beliefs so stricked?
Why was mansa musa famous?
Why was the 22 amendment passed?
Why is diversity good?
Why did God choose Moses?
Why did God create Lucifer?
Why do Sikhs show respect to the guru granth sahib?
Why did god destroy the world with a flood?
Why does a lion represent England?
Why did the Puritains come to America?
Why does god hate shrimp?
Why did chamberlains men change their name?
Why is faith growing so fast today?
Why do gentiles not celebrate some holidays?
Why was polytheism important?
Why do people visit Canterbury on pilgrimages?
Why were Quakers dislined in America?
Why do people celebrate Dia de los muertos?
Why does hindusim present thousands of forms of the same god?
Why do gentiles not celebrate the Christmas holiday?
Why did the confederacy emerge?
Why are people buried?
Why does God say no to prayers?
Why is Lust a deadly sin?
Why is the Guru Granth Sahib called the Guru Granth Sahib?
Why were people scared of witches?
Why do mexican people celebrate the day of the dead?
Why can light travel through space?
Why should you believe god exists?
Why are creation stories important?
Why would you want to waste time knowing that?
Why are symbols important in religions?
Why did egyptians put together a calendar?
Why was William Wallace killed?
Why did people go to Canterbury on a pilgrimage?
Why is the golden temple important?
Why is jihad important?
Why did the founders think that freedom of religion was so important?
Why is it important to maintain world peace?
Why do people want to be confirmed?
Why is a Gurdwara important to Sikhs?
Why do some people die so young?
Why do yellow bananas turn brown so quickly?
Why does God not kill the devil?
Why do some people convert from one religion to another?
Why is Europe able to produce such an abundant supply of crops?
Why did people follow Jim Jones?
Why was Andreas vesalius famous?
Why is God important?
Why did people build Stonehenge?
Why did paul write the book of philippians?
Why did the Egyptians create a calendar?
Why is morality independent of religion?
Why is wesak celebrated?
Why are children born?
Why was mission soledad built?
Why is spirituality important?
Why do people wear wedding rings?
Why did people invent bad words?
Why is terrorism used?
Why did god send Jesus?
Why do people believe in the supernatural?
Why do humans eat gold?
Why did Egyptians worship?
Why did god want to kill himself?
Why did people celebrate Hanukkah?
Why do humans eat leaves?
Why are people scared of the number 666?
Why did ancient Egyptians believe in their religion?
Why did lucifer leave heaven?
Why are missions important?
Why do scientists study rock layers?
Why was friar John detained?
Why did rev paul Jones divorce?
Why do people see other people when they are dying?
Why do you get confirmed?
Why is a crosscutting feature always younger than the rock layers it cuts across?
Why is philosophy important?
Why were women accused of being witches in Stuart England?
Why do people still believe in superstitions?
Why do Indian women wear saris?
Why did god want his people delivered from slavery?
Why do christians agree with transplant surgery?
Why do people interpret events differently?
Why is capital punishment such a contentious issue?
Why is sun myung moon considered a cult leader?
Why is freedom of religion important to Americans?
Why is the concert not completely free?
Why do people wish at 1111?
Why was religion important?
Why is the holy land important to Jews?
Why are people scared of death?
Why did they pick Rex to be king of Mardi Gras?
Why was religion important in shakespeares times?
Why do monks become monks?
Why did God create animals before humans?
Why were the puritans successful?
Why is dreaming important?
Why should people pledge delta sigma theta?
Why do hindus beleive in reincarnation?
Why is September 17 important?
Why are Jews and Arabs such bitter enemies?
Why do woman flash during mardi gras?
Why are people afraid of lions?
Why did Louis think revoking the edict of nantes would make France stronger?
Why does stigmata happen?
Why did father Serra become a priest?
Why did Hitler hate jues?
Why might Muslims disagree with transplant surgery?
Why is the color red lucky for China?
Why is Guru Gobind Singh important?
Why is suicide a sin?
Why should you save the world?
Why do ghosts need your help?
Why are religions important in this world?
Why do Muslims do on hajj?
Why did Justinian 1 have the hagia Sophia built?
Why does JLS stand for Jack the Lad Swing?
Why was religion so important to the ancient egyptians?
Why did the ancient people invent gods and goddesses?
Why was the Golden Temple made?
Why do cultures differ from one another?
Why do most people live in Central Mexico?
Why is Guru Gobind Singh important to Sikhs?
Why did david fight goliath?
Why was Kellie Copeland divorced to Doyle Blaine Ward?
Why is the lotus flower so common in Hindu paintings?
Why is dreamtime important to Aboriginal people?
Why do wealthy people get depressed?
Why did people want to kill Jesus?
Why did they build the golden temple?
Why did God send Jesus into the world?
Why are Muslims killed?
Why do many people believe they must choose between science and religion?
Why did Abraham and lot separate?
Why was Margaret Clitherow a martyr?
Why are religions made?
Why do Buddhist eat a lot?
Why is the study of religion important?
Why do people belive in religion?
Why is 666 the sign of the devil?
Why do people fight for no reason?
Why did some people belive in witches?
Why was the exchange of ideas between the Greeks and Phoenicians possible?
Why did the battle of plassey take place?
Why is Cerberus guarding the underworld?
Why does Richard Dawkins not believe in God?
Why did Greeks built temples to the gods?
Why did Moses spend 40 days and 40 nights on the mountain?
Why are judges important to your society?
Why did Deborah Sampson want to go to war?
Why is it a bad idea to clone humans?
Why were so many different groups of people drawn to southeast Asia?
Why did john hagee divorce his first wife?
Why did reggae music originate?
Why was religion so important during the middle ages?
Why is the peacock important to India?
Why do you want do be apart of delta sigma theta?
Why is your lady of Victory named after Mary mother of god?
Why does discrimination exist?
Why does dr Charles Stanley have a cast on?
Why was axum prosperous?
Why is taking off shoes when entering a gudwara a sign of respect?
Why are totem poles so important?
Why did monks become monks?
Why is a panda important to china?
Why do you feel like you are in hell?
Why did martin Luther write the 95 thesis?
Why is the meaning of the universe 42?
Why is lotus flower special to the Sikhs and hindus?
Why do humans need religion?
Why is the number 666 the number of the devil?
Why do your hands get red and hot?
Why do people believe there is truth in religion?
Why was zoroastrianism important?
Why do you think having a religion is important?
Why do Sikhs believe in equality?
Why is a goat a sign of Satan?
Why do people not become Atheist?
Why is empiricism important?
Why did God use kings to guide his people?
Why did he wrote desiderata?
Why is Jerusalem such an emotional issue for both sides in the conflict?
Why did Jesus promise to send the holy spirit to his followers?
Why are personal control beliefs important?
Why do you have family?
Why was the salsa dance created?
Why was the second epistle of john written?
Why did god created the sky?
Why did Jesus promise to send the holy spirit?
Why did god create the animals?
Why do goths cut themselves?
Why do all churches and chapels have a sanctuary lamp?
Why are holy books important to religions?
Why do some people believe in God and the bible?
Why is ethical monotheism important?
Why did english catholics settle in maryland?
Why is murder immoral?
Why was anne hutchinson exiled?
Why did Dionysus become the center of the belief in immortality?
Why was religion important in Tudor times?
Why is notre dame special?
Why is there a skull in stjeromes paintings?
Why do people from the same place fight each other?
Why is Greek Philosophy important?
Why is an upside down horseshoe unlucky?
Why is religion fundamental to culture?
Why were pharaohs able to increase trade during the middle kingdom?
Why do most people believe that God is Male?
Why should you study RE?
Why was lucifer cast down?
Why did the king of Babylon praise the God of Daniel?
Why was the environment of west coast favorable for settlement by so many groups of Native Americans?
Why did akhenaton change religion?
Why did Elizabeth demonstrate moderation in her religious policy?
Why is RE so important?
Why is technological communication important?
Why is greek orthodoxy th main religion in russia?
Why did god not destroy the bad angels?
Why did Muhammad meditate on Mount Hira?
Why was cathedrals built?
Why do people observe religious fasts?
Why is stem cell research valuable in modern medical science?
Why dont scientific theories mention god?
Why do belief systems vary so broadly?
Why is the golden temple so big?
Why does the UK have such a diversity of religions?
Why did some monarchs want everyone in the nation to belong to one religion?
Why were slaves used?
Why does religion play such an important role in the development of religion?
Why is a turban worn?
Why were people in the 16th century willing to die for their beliefs?
Why did the colony move to rhode island?
Why did God make humans in his image?
Why are you proud of your country?
Why are people not religious?
Why do people dress up for day of the dead?
Why are pilgrimages special?
Why were the fyrd not disciplined?
Why is reincarnation important?
Why do kumaras exist?
Why are bishops the only ones to confirm?
Why do most Americans live longer today?
Why should culture be preserved?
Why is jezebel important?
Why did the greek hold festivals and rituals to honor their god and goddess?
Why was God angry at Solomon?
Why do religious people lose their faith?
Why is religon important?
Why do the rioters draw lots?
Why does altruism exist in populations?
Why is day of dead so special at Janitzio Island?
Why is it important to have a day of the dead altar?
Why did Caroline chisholm assist women?
Why should they take god out of the pledge?
Why do people believe jersey devil is not a normal creature?
Why did Pythagoras consider 10 to be the best number?
Why is the day of the dead so important?
Why is the Kaaba circled 7 times?
Why do you have a creed?
Why is polytheism important?
Why do Sikhs treat the Guru Granth Sahib with so much respect?
Why was woman created?
Why are Mormons so nice?
Why should you thank god?
Why is the topic of African traditional culture a complex one?
Why do you think religious thought produces polarizing beliefs?
Why do you need culture?
Why is the Russian flag the way it is?
Why are older people more religious?
Why do monks live a religious life?
Why did religion develop?
Why is the church holy?
Why does control over Jerusalem create particular conflict?
Why did God called Abraham righteous?
Why do theravada monks collect alms?
Why does the Guru granth sahib have a bedroom?
Why is it easy to have faith?
Why do people carve totem poles?
Why are people scared of fourwheelers?
Why might epic poems like the mahabharata and ramayana be good vehicles for teaching moral lessons?
Why do cardinals wear red?
Why are ulimate questons important to RE?
Why is an endless knot a symbol of wisdom?
Why do people use deductive reasoning?
Why was orthodox Christianity named that?
Why do Muslim want to adopted losts of children?
Why is it so important to recognise and understand the differences between people and their cultures?
Why is pride important?
Why is Ra the sun god?
Why do people from India wear turbans?
Why did the egyptians worshap cats?
Why did Jesus send the holy spirit to his followers?
Why did people create god?
Why did mansa musa travel?
Why did muhammad start meditating in the hills?
Why is boxingday called boxingday?
Why is it important that free exercise of religion not be absolute?
Why does the star of David represent the Jews?
Why does starbuck accuse ahab of blasphemy?
Why did guru gobind rai change his name to gobind singh?
Why is guru gobind singh a hero?
Why are Jewish festivals important?
Why do peole go on pilgrimage?
Why were sacrifices made?
Why do you think people were drawn to the beliefs of loyola?
Why is the apocalypse happening?
Why do people pray to the gods?
Why was freedom of religion so important to the framers?
Why do you think Hindu and Buddhist temples contained great works of art?
Why did Ares wear a helmet?
Why does the king confess that he is the one who stole the gold and put it in the coffin?
Why did many rulers want their people to be of the same religion as the rulers?
Why is it important to be a good role model?
Why did the Chinese honor their ancestors spirits?
Why did martin luhter write the 95 thesis?
Why did God create angles?
Why do faith groups provide special activities for young people?
Why do you need the gift of wonder and awe?
Why did the puritans settle in the New England Colonies?
Why is a shooting Star Better then a Hamburger?
Why is Everyman upset over the loss of his companions?
Why were the Quakers founded?
Why did God tell ezekiel to lay on one side and then the other?
Why is London so religiously diverse?
Why did Deborah Sampson dislike great Britain?
Why is war a problem?
Why does george mitchell think peace is possible?
Why is the red cross important?
Why do guys like bikinis?
Why do you think the temple is the biggest building in your?
Why was religion imporntant during the 16th century?
Why did people fear witch craft in the 1600?
Why are puritans so important?
Why are Egyptian gods animals?
Why was the environment of the West Coast favorable for settlement by so many Native Americans?
Why is it that religion is one of the most important institution in the society?
Why is it important to be obedient?
Why did New Englands religious and political institutions become far more democratic than those in the mother c?
Why do people give up a certain food or food in general?
Why was there conflict in Jerusalem?
Why cant muslems drink whine?
Why was the act of toleration necessary in Maryland?
Why did rizal wrote the intimate alliance between religion and good education?
Why is the Guru Granth Sahib put to bed?
Why do you put flowers on a persons grave?
Why do hindus believe in more than one god?
Why is amrit peformed?
Why is comfirmation important?
Why is selecting a canon often controversial?
Why do you kill those who should die?
Why are animals important to the Native Americans?
Why is the sign of the cross put on the head it baptism?
Why did Maryland grant religious toleration?
Why did god create nits?
Why is the arts and science important for developing country?
Why was the Sanhedrin important?
Why do people die so young?
Why do you were green on st Patrick?
Why is forgery wrong?
Why do people kiss the feet of Jesus on good Friday in church?
Why did the Greeks have rituals and festivals for their gods and goddess?
Why do cultures have different religion?
Why did soldiers role the dice before the crucifixion?
Why do people enslave people?
Why do people dislike Israel?
Why is Christianity divided into orthodox and protestants?
Why are things not made in the US?
Why do humans exist on earth?
Why did enslaved people needed an extended family?
Why did mission nuestra senora de la soledad have animals?
Why is Hypnotherapy formed?
Why do people become satanists?
Why would enslaved African Americans be inspired by the biblical story of Moses?
Why do you think that the sculptures made as gifts for the gods were not meant to be seen by people?
Why is it such a challenge to pursue god and jesus daily?
Why did they have sacred places?
Why did guru hargobind build the golden temple?
Why is religion causing problems in the Middle East?
Why did the Romans ban some religions?
Why is the belief in life after death important to Catholics?
Why did Joshua set fire to Jericho?
Why is confirmation so important to Christians?
Why do people believe in superstions?
Why do some places become places of pilgrimage?
Why did god kill?
Why did God change Sauls name to Paul?
Why is the Gurdwara special to Sikh community?
Why did protests fail?
Why do religions consider fornication sinful?
Why did Sparta have slaves?
Why do muslems kill muslems?
Why was Jame Mawdsley in jail?
Why is Translyvania international Guitar festival celebrated?
Why does GOD allow good people to die?
Why do people not believe in Hades anymore?
Why are festivals and celebrated in wales?
Why might afgahanis have been willing to accept taliban rule by 1998?
Why is the onion dome often used in Russian architecture?
Why do you celebrate diffrent festivals in irland?
Why was Guru Gobind Singh important?
Why does Canada celebrate powwow festival?
Why were people in the 1600s so afraid of witches?
Why is brian so evil?
Why are emotions or feelings important to a moral system?
Why did Leonardo da Vinci paint the baptism of christ?
Why should human person arrive at the objective norm or standard of morality?
Why is England represented by a lion?
Why should you pray to god?
Why are ethics important in the work place?
Why is religion important to a society?
Why is the believer of a particular religion always right?
Why is the temple of karnak so famous?
Why were the puritans so successful as a group?
Why is the font by the door?
Why is not most of the world Christian because God made the world?
Why is religion so natural?
Why did Abraham and lot separate and where did lot go?
Why is relision practised?
Why were the europeans trying to spread their religion in America?
Why did the maoris have a kumara god?
Why do Religious programmes on television or the radio encourage you to believe in God?
Why was it important the sargon conquers Babylon?
Why were African Americans moving to the plains called exodusters?
Why were sumerian cities cut off from each other by geography?
Why is the pulpit the central feature in a calvinist church?
Why do you need spiritual needs?
Why do theists think that god exists?
Why do Sikhs wear the 5 ks?
Why might some religious believers be against the fur and ivory trade?
Why did caravans go to Mecca during certain months?
Why was men viewed as being evil to the revolutionaries?
Why did the Chinese honor there ancestors?
Why are there many gods in different religion?
Why do catholics worship the way they do?
Why is Abraham very important to the history of creation?
Why do Hindus carry out worship as part of their religion?
Why are shamans depicted as objects with wings?
Why does religion cause conflict?
Why were the reformers called protestants?
Why is it true that Remember God with everything you put in your mouth to eat or drink?
Why dont you like people?
Why do religous people ask ultimate questions?
Why does God let innocent children suffer?
Why is religious freedom important in the United States?
Why is it necessary to empower children to save the earth?
Why were African Americans moving to the place called exodusters?
Why should religious believers not eat meat?
Why do some religions have the same objects?
Why did god created plants?
Why did moses go up mount sinai?
Why is the olive tree important to greek people?
Why did amenhotep decide to chage egypts worship of many gods to the worship of one god?
Why was salim at the barracks?
Why did the Eygptians enslave the Jews?
Why was topography important to early civilization?
Why does brahma hold a rosary?
Why might christians have borrowed ways of worship from the Jewish religion?
Why were african americans moving to plains called exodusters?
Why is it easier to do good during ramadan?
Why is the golden temple hotel so cheap?
Why does a Christmas tree represent Christmas?
Why are many religions against the fur and ivory trade?
Why do you think the temple is the largest building in Ur?
Why did Dr Shine file Bankrupy?
Why did muhamad start meditating?
Why do Sarah good and tituba talk so openly about the devil?
Why do some people not believe in God or gods?
Why did satan create hell?
Why do religious believers use symbolism?
Why do you keep getting the dream?
Why do you want to work for a charity?
Why is varanasi holy to hindus?
Why is number 3 lucky?
Why is Mary your spiritual mother?
Why is font important in a church?
Why do people choose to worship at home and not at the mandir?
Why are those two important religious beliefs for mother Teresa refering to the bible?
Why do theists believe in god?
Why do people praise god?
Why do you celebrate navratri?
Why were crusaders so successful in the first crusade?
Why can faith and church membership not be separated?
Why is religion even important to consider?
Why did religious studies begin?
Why is it important for people to have a belief?
Why did Matthew write his nativity story?
Why do Hindu people fast?
Why are ceremonys important to people?
Why is there anything and not nothing?
Why do Sikhs wear turbans covering there hair?
Why was la purisima built?
Why is Racism just not funny?
Why did the mormons move to new york?
Why are the stones of Stonehenge there?
Why does a mosque have prayer mats?
Why are Methodists Christian?
Why hast thou forsaken you O deity whose existence you doubt?
Why might a religious believer want religious and moral issues on TV?
Why did the mississippians worship the sun?
Why has there never been an official religion in the US?
Why did the Edgyptians erect temples?
Why do you think rulers in ancient times recorded their victories on hard surfaces like rocks and pillars?
Why do religions change?
Why do mexicans wear masks?
Why was the crusaders so successful in the first place?
Why is the church as a means to faith important?
Why did the Jews dislike paying taxes?
Why do religious believers show concern for those in need?
Why are you going to die on may 21 2011?
Why might milton have chosen to include a direct statement of purpose at the beginning of the poem?
Why do insurance call disaster act of God?
Why cant you post your questino?
Why was the king importent to Amarica and religion?
Why do people act like Jesus?
